In today's video, I'm going to talk about statics. How you can actually use and leverage statics to scale to 30, 50, even 100 plus thousand dollars per day in sales. This is just an example of some of our own clients. This is a live dashboard. So, you are, you know, you see that we're qualified to speak about the topic. This is just one of our own clients that we're managing that did $66,000 in just a single day. As you can see, we work with actively work with eight figure brands. And so, this is

just to show you the type of caliber of data that we have, you know, access to on a daily basis. Now let me start off the video with a common misconception that I hear a lot like very very frequently is that to scale to seven and eight figures you need videos. Video ads. Video ads. Video ads. Although videos can make a better not impression but can make a better explanation on how on convincing I guess why you should why people should buy the product. It doesn't mean that statics just don't

work right. And so I'm going to talk about exactly how we approach statics and how you should them approach them too at the same time if you want to get results. So these are just some key factors to remember. Let me just read what I wrote over here. When approaching statics, you need to fully understand one very important principle. The creative is your targeting. So if you show a product, for example, like these, you know, bottom ofunnel images, if you show a product, if you have a static

that has a bold offer and a product, of course, you're literally telling Facebook and Meta, right, to find people that are very like bottom of the funnel or ready to buy. Of course, that is not really scalable, right? If you want to scale, you have to go after top of funnel or else it doesn't it doesn't really work. That's why most companies and most brands, they feel like bottom of funnel or sorry, statics just don't work. They do just don't give them the scale and the results. It's because in

most cases, they are not able to act. They don't know what a top off ofunnel static looks like or you know how it should look like. And so if we create a before and after result for example, we are you know telling meta to give us a problem aware or like a solution aware person, right? Which is like more on top of the funnel. So these are just like I created some examples here just so you see what bottom middle of funnel and and top of funnel looks like before we dive deeper into other strategies. So bottom

of funnel once again if you have an image with literally the product and an offer this is the most bottom of funnel ad that you can you know ever decide to do. Now let's take a middle of funnel. Uh as you can see over here, these are more like solution uh you know aware ads where you have an us versus them or you maybe have a product with like some features like better balance you know tension fades whatever things like this. You don't really have like bold uh you know just like bold offers like this.

Although this one does have an offer it it stresses the fact on you know forget knee pain in just minutes which is like a problem. So problem aware and so these are more middle of funnel and then top ofunnel ads which are the statics. If you do statics and top ofunnel statics, they are the hardest to crack the code because a static doesn't really give too much context on what you're selling, right? A video, a top offunnel video at least is a video that is 30, 60, in some cases 3, five, even 10 minutes long that

cater uh they don't introduce the product initially, but eventually they do introduce a product. But with statics, it's a lot harder. And so you have to be very clear with messaging, but you also need something else, which I'm going to talk about later, which is important. Okay, so first of all, top of funnel. These are just some examples, right? Unstable blood sugar, cravings, energy dips, and belly fat that just won't go away. I ate less, tried whatever. It's basically like a small

little uh advertorial which is leading actually to an advertorial. So, this is like the the intro hook of the advertorial. This is another one like how long uh can men last without premature ejaculation? Whenever they have like a diagram and then you can take a test, it brings them to like another funnel. And then this is just like a raw I I've seen a lot of top of funnel ads that work well and scale very well which is like a very raw image of like either the the problem or like in this case you know her feet hurts right

and then you combine that with a long form copy that is like an advvertorial to give more context right so once again if there's one thing that I've learned over the years is that to crack the statics you need to crack top of funnel like even with videos if you want to scale you have to crack top of funnel right you can't just have uh middle funnel but in this video I'm talking specifically if you just want to go and and scale with statics, you have to understand the key difference between

middle or sorry bottom middle and top of funnel and how to present that because of course top of funnel is always going to give you the majority of your traffic and the opportunity to scale. Then there's going to be 10 15% middle of funnel then you know 5 to 3% bottom funnel ready to buy. So the conclusion is you must cater your statics ad creatives for colder and less aware audiences to go after a scalable audience and not a capp ultra competitive audience. Okay, so these are just I want to go over like an important

funnel and structure that you need to in place in order to make statics you know work. I'm going to show you in just a second, but just to give you some extra more like other examples like a top of funnel uh you know you know low awareness ad could be like why do my feet tingle like this like a static right or three hidden signs of ner nerve damage like a visual with like a checklist or millions over 40 struggle with xyz whether it's foot pain right something like that so very top of funnel middle funnel once again finding

relief without pills or nourishing damaged nerves at all sources so like a nerve like a before and after and us versus them you get the point or why doctors say topical delivery makes a difference. So it's like solution aware topical delivery solution right and then bottom which you already know reviews and stuff like that. So important note, this is really, really important. Remember that statics need more nurturing. As I said for like three times in a row before, a static is not as descriptive of a vid, as descriptive

as a video. It sells the idea, the pain, the potential solution, but it doesn't so it doesn't expect people so don't expect people sorry to see a static and buy immediately. Like don't send people from a static that is top of funnel to a product page to buy. It could work, but in most cases it won't. So this is an example of of a process, a sales process that makes a lot more sense. So getting a static maybe top of funnel or middle of funnel and bringing them over to an advertorial that nurtures them and gives

them a lot more context on why they should consider buying talking more about the problem and the solution right and all these things and then sending them to a sales page. This is an example of you know if we're selling a knee brace on what it would be a static something like this. This is not entirely entirely top of funnel but is it is problem aware. Maybe if we like take the offer away, we can say forget knee pain in just minutes. You know, swollen joints, hurting knees, poor mobility, you know, this is a good

static. In this case, I would probably never send them, you know, to a checkout or a sales page uh or a product page. I would send them to an advertorial that is completely congruent to what was just discussed. So, this is like an example of advertorial titles. Seven reasons why women over 40, right? Women over 40 uh fixed their knee pain within six weeks. One thing that I would add is that if I'm talking about women here, which I forgot about, I would make sure that there's a woman over here because if I

have a static with like a woman, of course, Meta, you're literally telling Meta to show this ad to to women, right? Because the creative is the new targeting as as you probably know in 2025 and moving into 2026, right? So, once again, if there isn't like if there's no specific persona here, although I would highly suggest that because it personalized the ads even more, if there's no, then don't worry about it. But if there's a a woman, then of course 100% put a woman here as well

to make it super congruent. So this speaks to them specifically. So seven reasons why women over 40 fix their knee pain within six weeks or 43year-old Sally explains how I finally reduce my knee pain from a nine to a three out of 10 in just four weeks. Or physiootherapist explains how women over 40 can use this one simple at home device to cure their knee pain within 6 weeks, four weeks, whatever. So, this is a perfect example of something that I would test. And then you can send them over to a sales page, right? Nurture

them even more where there's like, of course, you introduce the product, but you don't really introduce the the price yet. And then they can click over to a checkout. Now, do you need this two-step process? No. You can send them directly to a product page, but you know, this gives them even more context and um the opportunity to consume even more content and context to be able to, you know, make that conversion happen. So, this is what's necessary. You can't send a static to a checkout or a sales page or

a product page. There needs to be something that gives them a bit more context. Now, does this always like could this work where you just send them to a sales page? Yes. But I know that this works better based on my own data and observations. Okay. So, let me just conclude the video by saying how do we actually build the most congruent sales process with statics? There's two things that we typically do a lot. We like to take a lot of inspiration. First of all, you need to know everything there is

about the customer so that you know exactly what they cater on cater on and what they resonate with. The second thing you need is creative strategy. So you need to be able to take a look at what types of creatives are working right in the space uh for an indirect or direct competitor. The most important thing is that you funnel hack companies for example like Mama Bear where they are killing it with statics. If you take uh last time I checked, they're doing 51% statics and they're a multi-figure

per month, right? So eight figure company, eight figureure brand, and they're scaling very very aggressively. Look at the number of statics that they have. They have a lot of statics, a lot of statics. And what I would do is let's just say I'm either selling a neuropathy cream, which is what they're selling, right? A neuropathy like a foot pain or you know joint pain um cream solution, right? So, if I'm selling a similar product, I would 100% like take a look at what they're doing. If I'm not

selling a similar product, but I'm selling to a similar audience like 40, 50, 60 year old women, right? In this case, their targeting is like women as you can see here, 50, 60, 40 as well. And so, I would like study them because they're sharing the same audience. So, this is something called an indirect competitor. And so, this is what I would consider. And so, I would study everything uh that they're doing to take inspiration. Uh you can also clone ads with AOA. So, like you can get

templates. I think they have also like templates that you can use. So this is one thing that we do and then we the other thing is customer research. We want to understand our avatar customer so that we combine research right and everything we know about the customer like their positives, their tonality, their motivations, their triggers, their frustrations, their buying triggers, right? Their skepticisms, everything we know, we combine it with a viral creative concept static, right? That is really working well in the marketplace

today, right? One other tool that we like to use a lot to validate that these statics are working is like ad spy. So you go on ad spy. Uh you can go and just search the brand name. So you go over here advertiser name. Boom. Add the filter. And now we can also filter by media type like photos, right? We can filter by likes. And so we are able to see like this uh of course this is like top bottom of funnel. They have a bunch of engagement but these are like more medium of uh you know middle of funnel right there's a bunch of

different ads and we can decide what ads to basically uh this is more like problem aware right there is a product there um but it's more like a problem there's these are statistics we can of course see how viral or successful these ads are because we're using a tool like ad spy right so you know if you're in the game you probably know the tool already so this is it you need to know everything about the customer study static viral trends so that you can take inspiration, right? And validate that

they're actually viral on ad spy so that you know that. And then the the key takeaway here, guys, is that you need to understand two things. You need to understand the difference between bottom, middle, and top of funnel statics, right? Not videos, just statics. Completely different concept. You have to be visually able to portray and uh engage with people that don't know about your brand. And this is how you visually do it, right? It's not like a video where you just cannot talk. you

like a top ofunnel video is like you not not introducing the solution or the product probably like halfway in the video, right? And just talking about problems or you know core desires at the beginning. You have to kind of learn how to do that with statics. And next thing is basically having a congruent and full sales process that can cater to the static that you just you know uh decide to launch on your ad account, right? And so building a congruent sales process that gives more context and sells

because you can't just sell with a static. It's just not enough. Okay, that is it for this video. Hopefully you got some value. My goal with these videos, especially these shorter videos, is to just to give you a light bulb idea, inspiration, whatever it is, or confirmation that you're doing the right thing or maybe the wrong thing so that you can, you know, take your brand to the next level. That is it for this video. If you are a brand doing at least $100,000 a month or more, and you want

to scale to 500K, a million, 3 million a month, whatever that goal is, we have experience working with 8 figureure businesses and we just opened some slots for genu uh for Q1 of of this coming year. Okay? So, book a call if you want and see you on the other side. Bye.
