In today's video, I'm going to talk about the creative process you absolutely need to install into your business and build for your e-commerce brand if you want to scale to 50, 80, as you can see here, to $100,000 in sales every single day, especially as you get into 2026. For your reference, in case you are a new viewer, my name is Brando. I actively work with 8 figureure businesses. This is just one of our own clients that just yesterday alone did over $83,000 in sales, as you can see

over here from the screenshot as well. Now, just so you also see what's happening on the back end within the ad account, uh this was yesterday alone, and we spent over $17,000 uh on the ad account with a 3.5 uh x return ad spend. To be honest, this on the ad account is a little bit over reporting, but the ads were very very profitable even on, you know, on triple whale and on the back end. We're actually using highros for this client. But anyways, uh let's get into the video. I'm going to talk about this uh

kind of four cycled creative system that is absolutely uh it's something that you really really need. So, I'm going to dive deeper. I'm also going to share a really really cool uh AI process system that I'm using to actually generate scripts and ideas for me after including a whole knowledge base, creative knowledge base that helps me, right? And this tool here actually analyzes video ads as well, which Chad obviously doesn't. So, it's a cool one and I'm going to show you in just a second. Now,

let's start with pillar number one. We're going to start with the the this one over here on the top. Then, we're going to talk about this one, the yellow one, the uh blue one, and then the orange one. So the first pillar is it's research. Okay, super super important. This pillar is actually the foundational part of what makes the all the other pillars work. Let me just briefly bring you because I have a lot of videos that where I talk about this briefly bring you how I do research, how we do

research, how eight figure, nine figure brands do research and how you can use AI to effectively immerse yourself into the research process. Okay. So first of all, let me just bring you through what we do. There's two types of rearch researches that you need. There is creative research over here and there is customer research. Okay, customer research is about mining, right? Doing Tik Tok, Amazon Reddit reviews, doing all the mining, understanding the positive, the negatives, buying triggers, skepticism, how? By reading on

Amazon, doing the review mining and everything. That's how you actually understand how your your customers are interacting. Another cool one is actually looking at comments and reading comments to get a good understanding of what they want. You basically need to understand their language, their situation, their identity, their emotions and their surface needs. That's basically the simple small version or a quick version of what customer research is and what you should do. You should always have as a number one top priority

the customer in mind. If you don't understand your customer, you can't really do any type of you know ad. The second thing which is extremely effective is doing creative research. So what we want to do is we like to use a couple of tools. Number one being Ashra which I can bring you through briefly and then ad spy. this tool over here. I'm actually building my own software uh soon which will have kind of like a combination of ads spy and other cool research features. But I'll talk about

in about that in in another video. What I want to show you over here is that there's two types of researches that you kind of need, right? The research on your competitors and the research on not competitors. I like to call them indirect competitors, which are brands that are just having a shared audience. So maybe they're selling like a sleeping pill and you're selling like something else, another type of pill, but there's you're promoting to the same audience, which is like I know Liisa who is 50 to

60 and has menopause as an example. The other one, as I said, is a direct uh competitor research where you're literally looking at what your direct competitors are doing and you you're funnel hacking their their ads and understanding why they work. Okay, so just to bring you through the process, I'm going to bring you through this in just a second later on, but this is the tool called Austria. We just go in here. If we're doing skincare, we type in skincare, right? We try to understand

what are the concepts that are viral. We we try to funnel hack brands are once again direct and indirect competitors. And let's just say this is a really cool uh you know a good brand. We would click on it. We would follow it and then we can basically see everything headlines. Uh I have to follow the brand landing pages, personas and everything. And then the reason why we like to use ad spy is because the the goal with aer is to find the brand. But even if you filter by like longest running ads, you don't

actually know how much they're spending, right? And so the only way to actually see how effective uh a creative is is by looking at the engagement. So let's just say that we're going after everyday dose, right? I actually clicked on this is the just for the sake of the example. Pretend as if this was uh you know, everyday dose. I look at everyday dose. I study what they're doing. Then I go here on the ads library and I want to see what type of ads are working super well. And so, you know, ideally I want

to look at like all ads are, you know, have a lot of engagement because that is obviously proof that what they're doing is working. And then I would go in here and click on this because this obviously has a lot of engagement. And I would just analyze the entire ad, read through the comments. And this is a combination of customer research um and creative research. Creative research because we found the creative that's making a lot of money for them. And actually was an active it it was a recent active ad just

since Octo November 4th and it's still running. And it's also customer research because we're reading all of these comments. And one thing that I like to do is actually copy and paste all these comments into like a tool to give me like a summary of what people are saying, whether they're talking about problems, solutions, aspirations, uh what they're happy about the product or unhappy about the product, stuff like that. You get the point. And so this is kind of part of the entire research

process on the creative side and on the um on the customer side. If we can understand what types of creatives are working right and do learnings on those then we can also understand you know uh and we can also understand uh what the research is is like what type of research we need to do to understand about the customer and we combine those two together then it's pretty much a jackpot. One quick thing that I want to say is that it's important to do learnings on these ads. So if we find for example this type of ad that is

crushing it the first thing that I would do is I would look through the ad and write some notes internally without AI. So I would just want to do my internal observations. But the other thing that I want to do is literally that's where AI comes in play. You can copy and paste this post on a tool like this. Let me just change board because I have a couple boards here. I have a brand board where it's just like I put all my research on here and then I have an ads learning uh kind of board where it's uh

you know I just literally copy and paste the ad. You can just literally what I did is copy and paste this everyday dose ad and then I asked it to because this tool understands the video unlike ChadBt, right? It actually understands the video what it says. It it's it's it transcribes it like it basically reads the video, not just the text, but also the video. It understands it. Then we can basically what I told it to do as you can see over here is that let me just uh show you. Whoops. I think it's this one here.

Yeah, I basically said, "Hey, this ad is crushing it. Uh um this ad crushed it for one of my direct competitors. I need you to do learnings on this ad. I need to understand why it works. Buy triggers. be short and concise, but at the same time give me all the details I need to understand why this ad was a winner. Break it down for me. And so it basically broke it down for me. This tool, by the way, is called uh Blort. Yeah, I believe Blort.ai, I believe. Uh but there's also uh Poppy, which I think

is like the the tool that they copied from. So, I'm not sure, honestly. Use Blort or use Poppy AI. Um they're both great tools. This it just seems like they're doing the same exact thing. So, you you see and you check which one you want to test. I know Poppy was like the primary one people go after. Um and so once again it is able to do learnings for me problems right visual impact the initial uh depiction of the gut is gross and unexpected right as you can see here there's literally the hook is about gut

and it's showing like gross imagery about that so it's able to understand it um I actually didn't really believe that it was so accurate but I tested it and it's very very accurate and it brings you through you know benefit driven messaging this is what was the type of messaging in white works uh simplification and convenience trust credibility what were the trust and credibility factors that the script and the the visuals portrayed in the video that made it like you know a trust and

credibility video right triggers and all that stuff and you can pretty much ask it questions I also have to say I used the quick Gemini 2.5 flash tool you can also use like claude 4.5 uh chipt 5 5.1 of course it's going to you know suck more credits out but it's going to be a better answer right and so all of this is really really cool one other thing that I did is that I just copied and pasted all the comments over here. I went on the post. It took me like 30 seconds, right? A minute. You can just

go over here, click on the ad. Uh, and then you can just go on the comment section. >> You go on the comment section, you click on You can also use an extension that automatically like, you know, trans um downloads the comments. But you click on all and then you just do this like five or six times, right? Work comments more videos. You do it like this. And then you're just able to like you could just do command A command C and then you can just put it over here. I did it and it worked quite well and I did it on

another chat because what you can do here is you connect you can connect these assets over here to the chat. Right. And then uh I did it here I believe. Yeah. And it gave me like a big summary of what it learned about the comments. You see most people are saying these things. They're talking about health. They're talking about like these are the questions that they're asking. They're talking about flavor. And so it gave me like a a really detailed summary over here which allows me to understand

maybe what I can add to my next video. So all of this is super super important and it's part of this process over here. The next process really important is to make an hypothesis. We don't want to do random tests. So actually one thing that we do that it's really really effective is that we use a demo command uh uh uh a command center sorry. And within this command center sheet which has a bunch of sheets uh you can get it if you want. There's a link down below. I think it's

the fourth link. There's a creative testing tracker. This creative testing tracker, I talk about it in my all my videos. We started doing this in the most recent year and it's working very very well. And so it's like every single test that goes into your ad account needs to be put on the sheet. So if you have an idea on a test, good. Uh build the angle like show me what the angle is. What is the concept of the of this uh you know of this concept or adset that we want to launch? What is the

awareness stage? Top of funnel, middleunnel, bottom of funnel. What is the avatar? What do we want to send them? What is the copy? What is the creative? And before even doing the creative, I need to know what is the hypothesis? Why are we testing this? An hypothesis, by the way, could be as simple as this uh testing this concept because it went viral for a direct competitor and I want to see how it's doing for me. That is like just enough of a reason to do something. We never want to be on the ad account analyzing

ads and not understanding or not even knowing why we tested that in the first place. We have to document this so that 7 to 14 days later once we analyze the creative, right? In this case, we also record numbers here, but in this case, these two were losers, right? This was a winner because it spent almost two grand with a good broz, right? In this case, we want to analyze the results after 7 to 14 days and say, okay, got spend and spent almost 2k. And then we have learnings saying this ad worked because

of these observations. The hook was this, this, and this. The body of of the of the script was talking about this angle, right? The uh the framing was very, very on point, right? Right? The hook rate was actually 57% and this is why I think it was 57%. And so we're always trying to make observations, right? And this is super important, but I'm getting ahead of the curve here. But this is the hypothesis. So we do a bunch of research, right? We take on the hypothesis and then we do something else

before I talk about this last uh kind of third layer. Let me just go into the research once again because I did not share with you how I use this other sheet, right? Brand board. What I like to do is that within these tools like Poppy or Blort, whatever this is called, you can add a chat, right? So, all you have to do is like add a chat. I'm not going to do it again. And then you just connect this chat to all of these things. Like you can literally like of course add your website, then add learnings, right? You can create a

folder that says learnings and you can just upload them. Then you can do upload indirect competitor ads or direct competitor ads. So basically because this uh tool can process videos, right? You can you can decide what you want to do. You can either do like um add learnings here where you like upload the video and then you ask it why did it work and then you put the learnings over here like you connect it and add learnings. You can have like uh my own learnings and you can have like direct competitor learnings and then indirect

competitor learnings that you can just like put all the learnings um and divide them into folders right your own your competitors and then you can kind of like do the same thing or the other option is that you can just upload the video and then ask it as you're asking it to do something else and say hey analyze why this video works and you can just do it in the chat over here but you're putting all these resources I also added like customer research like Amazon mining Reddit mining I added a

document with customer review mining market product awareness research. This is just a small version of it, but ideally you keep on adding to this and then you create a process where because this this tool can also analyze, videos uh and and images, right? It's it becomes kind of like way better than Chad GBT because it's just like it's it becomes your knowledge base. And then if you want new briefs, you can literally go in here and and type in, you know, I wanted this was like a brief that was

created by the AI. And so what you can go in here and do after you do the research right you can say hey uh let me just see based on the all the research that I have shared so far and also assuming that all the video assets I shared are winners right winning concepts and winning ads um that have either worked for me or my direct or indirect competitors based on this please give me three ideas for next step please also consider that learning the learnings that I have added as well okay and so it gave me like based on

everything it gave me like three different types of briefs ideas or concepts you see the authentic authenticitydriven real world durability UGC campaign. And it also told me based on the learnings and based on the the concepts that I provided, it told me why it chose it. So you see these links, it's like referencing back to this other document that I shared. So this is a demo, right? I can't really show client stuff, but this is a demo. And so just take it with a grain of salt. You see it

went through Amazon mining. It it's linking it to the Amazon mining. So it's very very effective and it works. And so after doing just going back and forth for a bit, uh it obviously gave me a full-on brief and I just told it, you know, I gave it like this template, right, where they can follow the uh it's like literally a screenshot of my template, right? Batch number, concept name, avatar, angle, I'm not sure you can see it. Desire, right? Funnel stage, references, uh you know, in

instructions. So it did it for me. It followed the same exact structure. You see angle, desire, avatar. It also gave me references, right? Based on my own references though. Um, and then it, you know, duration, AI, voiceover, and then it literally did this for me. So, you can just copy all of this. Copy and paste it into literally your brief. Let's just say this is your brief done. You you basically it's done. Now, one thing that I want you to know is that you should not fully rely on AI to do

this. You need to understand what AI is telling you and understand the motive behind it cuz then AI is learning, not you. and then you go into the ad account and you don't know what you're doing. So, you need to use AI to your advantage, but you need to be the master. Okay? You need to know, you have to have the brain to understand why things are working, what is feeding, what AI, sorry, is feeding to you, so on and so forth. Next step is learnings. I already ran through this. I'm not going

to dive too much deeper, but this is an example of learnings, right? We started this winning ad from maybe our direct competitor uh or um maybe just an ad, right? Regardless, like every single ad that you launch, you need to do learnings for, but you can also do learnings. you should uh do learnings for like other ads that are not your own ads and so this is an example whether you're doing learnings for your ads or not how it should be like you should identify why it was a winner remember when I said before here uh this is what

I'm referring to analyze the results why it's a winner talk tell me why the results what the results are and then also learnings this is an example of of a learnings that we that we can do you talk about the hook and say hey the hook is an if you need caffeine to function take x it's like an if you need x get y statement And so that is you know a common observation that we can take on uh and you know write as an observation. And then the entirety of the video was because you know was a show don't tell.

So they they were showing stuff on the video. And so show don't tell is an observation that we that we you know took from the video. And then there's you know you can stop through the video and like these are just examples. Okay. This is just an example of me going through this ad and it's just me honestly they're just getting and writing observations. You don't have to be a genius marketer here. You just need to be observant on what is actually happening. What are the frames? What is

the hook? Right? Analyzing all these things. And then I this is I did also a bit of customer research. I just uh noticed that everybody was talking about taste, taste, taste. So this is maybe you know common question about taste. Maybe we could be maybe it could be worth mentioning something about taste within the next video iteration or improvement, right? And so once again, you can do learnings on your own ads or on the direct or indirect competitor ads after you validate that they have a lot

of engagement on the ad spy tool that I shared over here, right? We know that all these ads have engagement, right? And are active. Okay, hopefully you got uh some value from this part of the video. Learnings is super important. So research, hypothesis, learnings, you do learnings from the test that you just launched and then of course next steps. Based on these learnings, what do we need to do to improve our test? How can we iterate? What can we improve to make this more profitable? What can we

improve to make get more spend from this ad? Scale, optimize, whatever. And then you feed back into the research. So, it's an never- ending loop. If you have this process installed into your business, you will make more money. It's like guaranteed. This is what I can guarantee that if you plug and play these systems and processes, you're just going to be 10 to 20 to 30 to 100 steps ahead of the curve. Cuz most people just do these things randomly. Most people don't have a process like this. Most

people don't use AI, okay? And or if they do, they don't know how to use it. And most people don't track all of their hit rate and and uh creative test results. They don't do learnings and they don't do hypothesis, right? So do this and you're going to be ahead of the curve. If you do this, you will understand what are what is working and what is not working. Like genuinely understand, right? You will know. And so, uh, one thing that I have to add is like if you just going to 2026, like if

there's one thing that I also advise you to do is is start diversifying. This is kind of like unrelated, but as you as you have and and plug and play this process into your business, it's important that you start diversifying, especially with the new Andromeda updates. So, if you see that some things are working with like VSSLs, right, as an example, dissect why the concept worked, dissect what made the concept up, learnings, you have to do learnings. So, for example, this was the avatar,

this uh VSSL, right? Uh the angle was about big pharma, the hook was with this woman demonstrating her pain, whatever. And so transform concepts and go from VSSLs to image ads. Uh the most important thing or VSSLs to another type of UGC video or VSSLs to carousels, whatever you want. The most important thing overall is that you start diversifying, right? Having a diversified portfolio of of of concepts, founder ads, B-rolls, funny AI songs, direct offer image ads, so that you can feed Facebook and Meta what it wants,

which is diversification. At the end of the day, the most important thing is going to be cracking your messaging, understanding what messaging resonates with your customer and then presenting that message in like 50 100 different ways on your ad account. That is ultimately what I mean by diversification. That is it for this video. Uh let me know if you got some value from it. If you are a brand doing at least $100,000 a month and you want to scale, grow to a million a month, 5 million a month, 3 million a month,

whatever that goal is, we have experience working with 8 figureure businesses. So you can book in a call and then we can explore the opportunity of partnering up if that makes sense. and if we have capacity internally at the agency since we only work, you know, we don't we don't really work with a lot of clients. Okay, that's it for this video and uh uh I'll see you in the next one. Bye.
