Buckle up because in today's video, I'm going to bring you through the same exact systems, processes, and strategies that we're using for our clients. One of our clients specifically that did over $4.2 million in the last 90 days alone. And if you take a look at the the timelines over here, we were able to help them scale and contribute to their their growth uh getting them to $234,000 in sales in one single day. And then on Cyber Monday to $242,000 in sales in a single day. Now, what we're doing for

this client is actually just uh the meta ads. Of course, there are also other contributing factor towards this growth, but Meta Ads is one of the the highest spending platforms uh for this brand specifically. Now, before we get further into the video, what I want to do is bring you through the ad account very quickly. As you can see from the ad account over here, we spent over $241,000, almost $242,000 just in the month of November. Uh as you can see the date on the top, uh with a 3.77x return on ad

spend. Now, this video is not going to be about an ad account. I'm maybe going to spend, you know, some time later on in this video talking about the ad account, but what I want you to understand is that the mechanisms that make these results happen is not the way that you structure your ad account, but it's mostly the mechanisms, the psychological triggers, and pretty much the creative structure and the backend structure that make this happen in the first place. So, this is exactly what

I'm going to focus on in this video. So, as I said in the intro, buckle up because I have a lot to speak about. Okay, I want to start with one very very important aspect which is detrimental not only for this client but just in general for the brands that we work with whenever we onboard a brand. The first thing that we want to do is understand the product and of course the customer that is like right next to it. But the product, why do we want to understand the product? Because if we don't know

how to essentially sell the product with a unique mechanism, it's going to be very very hard to get results in the first place. Okay? Why? Because if you don't know how to present your message in a unique way, then everybody in the marketplace is going to see you like another marketer or another brand selling the same thing. So if there's one thing that you want to do is have a unique way of selling your product. So I'm going to bring you through this document very quickly just so you

understand and grasp how we do it. So why unique mechanisms matter? As I said, it's better uh you know we need to be able to differentiate ourselves. So the core principle is people are skeptical and bold, right? uh and you know bold claims and brands saying certain things and present certain things and so one thing to consider and to know is that as we move on in time right the more we move on in time and the more uh we deal with sophisticated buyers so we have to be very creative so there's two

scenarios that I want to bring you through scenario number one is a product maybe a brand that has a very like has unique value propositions incorporated within formulations or the way the product looks right maybe you're selling a supplement with like extra uh you know case studies and formulations that were specifically done to launch a new product in the marketplace. Of course, this pro uh product or scenario is going to have more leverage, right? Because if you have more features or different

ways, different ways of presenting the product, right? Uh different ways of consuming it, it's just new to the market. You have a possibility to do that. The second scenario that I'm going to bring you through is the same. It's not the same thing. It's actually the opposite. And this is the most common because this is what most brands that we honestly work with deal with. essentially a product that is somewhat similar or the exact same as competitors. Okay. And so, uh, let's

start with scenario number one, the strategy, right? Name it, frame it, repeat it. This is what it works, how it works. And this is just an example, right? Instead of, um, selling like most of your competitor cells, saying things like our collagen powder improves skin elasticity, right? What we want to use is a mechanism. So, what I'm going to do in this uh kind of SOP style of guide that I also share with my team is bring you through some scenarios so you understand exactly what I mean. This is

a perfect example like our collagen powders improves skin elasticity. This is what most brands would say. Keep it very general and talking about collagen and um kind of having a link or creating a link to the consumer that collagen increases or improves skin elasticity. What we want to do is include a mechanism and say something like our micro collagen formula breaks down collagen into tiny part um particles three times smaller than regular collagen powders. This means it actually gets absorbed uh sorry absorbed into

your skin where wrinkles form instead of just passing through your digestive system like other brands do. Right? So what are we doing here? We're adding more context. We're framing our mechanism making it sound more unique micro collagen formula. Right? And so we are being perceived as a different better solution. Right? So the key steps are this. You have to identify the differentiating factors, ingredients, processes, technology. Right? You have to name it. Give it a proprietary name.

You have to explain why it matters. And you have to basically contrast against the old way versus the new way. This is a very very simple step-by-step process of how I would do it if you have a product in scenario number one where you have unique advantages. Scenario number two, which is more uh common in the marketplace, is essentially uh creating mechanisms from common products, right? Everybody kind of sell the same thing or maybe you're selling a a slightly better version of the product, but users and

and customers basically see it in the same way, right? So, when to use once again, when your product is similar to competitors, but they're not properly um marketing what makes it work. So, the strategy here is to uncover what's hidden in plain sight, in plain sight. Education here is going to be crucial because the main uh difference between how you can present a certain ingredient or a certain feature of your product whatever it is is essentially presentation. If you are able to present

your mechanism even whether it's the same mechanism or not the same mechanism in a better way in a way that is easier to understand with education with nurturing then you will win over others because the pe the brands that are able to present and have better presentation skills are the the brands that sell the most. So this is what most brands would say high quality magnesium for better sleep. So once again linking magnesium for the better sleep. So once again when when consumers or customers look at the

ad they are linking mag magnesium to actually better sleep. So what we would say is essentially something along the lines and by the way this is a draft that you know I I created but it doesn't really have context. I'm going to give you an example of a real like a real life uh nine or I think 10 figure brand and the way that they frame so stick until the end. This is a better way to frame it. Here's the problem with most magnesium supplements. They upset your stomach because they they use the

cheapest form that your body can't process. Our calm absorb formula the unique mechanism right wraps the magnesiums in an am uh amino acid that your body recognizes and absorbs instantly. No stomach pains, right? No waiting days to feel results, just calm, relaxed sleep within hours, right? So, what we're doing here is we are explaining and breaking down how this process works. This is maybe not even the best example to be honest, but this is I'm just sharing this frame of how to um sell your product because if you

sound like everybody else, there's no reason for for uh customers or potential customers to even like listen to your message even for 10 seconds. So, you need to find a way to have a unique mechanism, right? So, these are the steps just to give you kind of step-by-step guide. Number one, study your formula, design, features, benefits, whatever. That's of course a given. Research why those components work, the mechanism of the action. Give it a name, a proprietary name, so it's your own unique mechanism. And so people

can't go around looking at saying, hey, this is the same as, you know, this other supplement company or this other, you know, beauty company, whatever you're selling. So you have a propri proprietary way of presenting your solution. Educate the market. So customers filter competitors through the lens. What does that mean? It essentially means that you are presenting the same ex potentially doesn't have to be but a very similar or the same exact mechanism that your competitor is presenting but you're

presenting in a better way breaking it down educating so that it makes a lot more sense and customers are more um inclined to listen to you compared to anybody else and then have an own your own explanation which needs to sound unique. This is a perfect example or one of an example like liquid death at the end of the day they sell like you know water right so it's like probably one of the hardest products to sell water and so the mechanism is death to plastic in aluminium aluminum whatever however you

pronunciate it and so the reality is that it's just a canned water but they create a mechanisms around environmental impact and aluminum's infinite recyclability versus plastic and so uh the can becomes a unique mechanism for actually sustainable for actual sustainable hydration, right? So it's basically you're framing it in a way that is unique has a unique mechanism and so people are more uh geared towards listening you being able and so the pattern is basically the brands took

common products like uh you know other thing this is actually for another section so let me just take it off here but yeah you get the point there it differences in framing I'm going to share one more example then I'm going to move on to something really really important but this is another example our skin serum reduces wrinkles right or our skin ingredient xyz reduces wrinkles within 5 days whatever the promises that everybody makes. And so this is one thing, the unique mechanism, another

example is most serums just sit on top of your skin and evaporate, right? And so our deep layer release system, the unique mechanism wrapped ingredient whatever uh you know, let me just read it again. Our deep layer release system wraps whatever the ingredient is, gyonic acid, you know, gly uh what is it called? Gly glyc whatever it is. There's so many ingredients. You choose one that has maybe is there's two choices. is you either choose the one that everybody's talking about and you twist it or you

choose another ingredient or another formulation or another feature, benefit, whatever that is maybe not as spoken about but is, you know, is still widely popular. Right? At the end of the day, if once again, if you do the same exact thing that your competitors are doing, there's no way that you're going to scale. So, our deep layer release system wraps ingredients that breaks down slowly as it sinks into your skin. This means the good stuff reaches the deeper layers where wrinkles actually start and

it works while you sleep without any redness or irritation. So, we're going after answering objections because we know that these are their problems. But once again, we're framing uh the unique mechanism with a specific ingredient and explaining it in a better way. Okay, it sounds stupid and easy, but this is actually what it takes. You just need to choose the you have to choose the right words and you have to understand uh that you can't really do this with anything. They you have to touch based on the

right things, the right ingredients, the right mechanisms, the right pain points and all that stuff. And we're going to go over more information as we go on. Overall, you know, the bottom line is that customers don't choose the best product. They choose the product they best understand to be superior, which is very very true. Let me read it one more time. Customers don't choose the best product, they choose the product they best understand. So if you to be superior, right? So if you can have a

unique way of presenting your product and it really makes sense to the customer, then that's when you win. This brings me to the next thing that I want to talk about and this is understanding psychological triggers and I'm also going to talk about quiz funnels because quiz funnels give you so much more data, right? How are you able to to to do this, right? How are you able to choose the uh to have them think that the product that you're talking about is something very relatable and something

they purely understand. You have to say the right words. How do you say the right words? You have to understand how they think, how they behave, what they want to achieve, and all these kind of like other layers. So, I'm going to bring you through this uh other quick SOP document that I, you know, I share with my team and then I'm going to show you some other more visual things later on this video. So, psychological triggers, there's six that we mostly want to focus on, right? Curiosity gap,

which is basically what am I missing, right? An example would be the number one reason your skincare isn't working, right? Number two is identity alignment. This is for me, right? For busy moms who want results fast, you're calling out the avatar. So, this is a trigger. If I don't call out the avatar or if it's if it's not clear who this is for, it's not going to really trigger me to take any action if you think about it. Right. Next thing is problem reframe. Uh you know, things saying like, "Oh, that's my

issue." So, you're calling out the issue. So, you're not tired. You're uh um you're nutrient uh depleted, whatever that means. So, basically, and these are these are like AI examples, uh right? Uh we just took some examples or even actually some client examples. Uh either way, uh regardless of that, it's it's like understanding and stating the problem. If you are stating the problem, you're calling out a problem that somebody has, right? Same thing with the identity. Um um alignment, social proof,

people like me, right? Uh contrarian, what I knew was wrong or urgency. I need to act now. So, all of these are triggers. You need to understand what is triggering people. Now, I always like to give an example. I did a video about this yesterday as well, talking about quizunnels and why I love quizunnels. Long story short, before I go over this, Quizfunnels give you leverage over two things. First of all, it's a quiz that's personalized. Okay, if you do a personalized quiz and let me actually

show you another uh example over here. Uh where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Quiz funnels, right? What does what why is the quizunnel so effective? Because not only you are personalizing the journey of the customer, not only you are gathering uh emails from your email list so that you can send retargeting emails that are personalized to a specific type of user that has a specific painoint. Not only that, the quizfunnel also gives you a layer uh or an opportunity for you to truly understand your customer through pain

points, aspiration, triggers, what have they tried before in terms of failed solution, frustrations, objectives, you get the point. And so the more you ask the right questions and the more you understand, you know, who they who they want to become, right? I spoke about this in my last video if you haven't seen it. So more about that in my last video. But this is really really important because at the end of the day, what you can do with all that data is fill up and receive a full custom research report about your customer. And

what ends up happening is two things. With this quizunnel, you get more customers because you increase the personalization and people like to go through quizzes. And number two, you learn about your customer. So you're basically getting paid from customers to learn from them. And that is what allows you to scale. A lot of companies or brands just look at their competitors and they don't realize that the answers are not from the competitors themselves because maybe they have a you know they

have different KPIs maybe for uh rise superfoods right a one rorowz is fine but for me it's not and I'm and I'm looking at their ads and like uh kind of like creating a complex in my mind saying that I have to do it like them because they are doing it although you should take inspiration from brands like that you need to be able to understand that your customers are going to give you the answers you're looking for not your competitors always Okay, so this in mind, this is an example of a skincare

quiz or whatever uh where you know you can start with some basic questions and you you know by 100 submissions you know exactly what's going on with your customers, right? 50% are over 60 or 10% are between 50 and 60, 10% are between 30 and 40 or 70% are dealing with tight skin, right? Or most popular um focuses uh most popular things that customers focus on are fresh complexion or collagen boost and getting rid of dark circles. These are the the most popular variations. So all of these things are

things that you should take into consideration when then building your marketing principle. So and this is by the way uh I got these numbers from an existing client. We have several clients running quiz funnels. Uh one of our client went from a 2 to 3% uh conversion rate uh to a 3 to 5% uh conversion rate just going from a standard funnel to a quizunnel. Email capture, let's not even talk about it. uh their opt-in rate for was between five and 7% and because we asked for an email subscription sorry u

for them for users to give us the email at the end of the quiz we went from that to like 60 70% opt-in rate email capture rate so you can retarget all these people right AOV is $50 we increase it to $60 and the data collection there's none with the standard funnel and then there's a a full psychological profile um surveys that you can do with the quizunnel of course so there's so many benefits on the quizunnel long story short what am I saying do you have to do quiz funnels I I love them. They work.

But there's also other ways to do it. The quizunnel, you know, there's two things that you need to remember from my spiel here. They help with conversion rate, but most importantly, they help with customers uh uh customer information and understanding their psychological triggers, their motivations, their aspirations, whatever you want to, you know, you want to talk about all of that stuff. But one thing that I do also want you to understand is that there's also other ways to do quiz

funnels, right? Uh or sorry, u surveys. You can do postp surveys, right? That's one um interesting way to do it. You can also uh get surveys on your optin. So instead of having an optin that does hey get a 10% discount, you can also say uh you can keep it like that or you can say hey get a discount by just answering three questions. Right? Very simple. People will do it. I mean a 10% discount for like three questions. Sign me up for it. Okay. So and in these three four questions you can ask who are they? What

are what is their major pain point? What are they they're looking to achieve? like the major major things that are going to be the drivers towards a successful ad, right? And so at the end of the day, if you look at all these big companies, all of them have surveys. Why don't you? All of them have surveys. Why don't you? So, you have to be creative. Overall, just to conclude my uh you know, my argument about quiz funnels. These are just some four takeaways. Uh what's your biggest frustration? Uh

yeah, what four quiz uh questions reveal, right? What's their biggest frustration? What have you tried before? Describing their their lifestyle. How do they feel? their triggers, their commitments, and what uh does success look like to them so that you have a specific outcome connected to an avatar, right? And so, you know, you understand the bottom line. I'm not going to go over, you know, too much of this, but you can start drawing conclusions and start optimizing your ads, your emails,

your landing pages all around the triggers and the information that is being captured in these funnels. Okay, hopefully this is really uh you know, it got you into some somewhere here. The two things that actually matter guys is if you have a unique mechanism, you have to know how to present this with a unique messaging and also presenting that message and unique mechanism will by understanding at the same time the the psychological triggers what actually triggers people to like be interested on

your product on your mechanism, right? And hopefully this this makes a lot of sense. And if you don't know what's going on and if you have no idea what you should do with your like information uh when it comes to information on your customer, you can also just run a quizunnel just to run a quizunnel without even like looking at ROI. I would maybe spend if you have no idea where to go, I would spend maybe like 100, $200, $300, even $1,000, right? Or let's just say 5% of your budget towards

a quizunnel, even if it's not profitable, just to get that data. Okay? If you don't want to do the quizunnel, you can do other forms of of surveys. they're just probably going to take a bit more time, right? Because the quizunnel just sends them to the quizunnel and they can do the information. If you're doing opt-in, right, only 5% 7% of people are going to fill up the optin. And if you do a, of course, a survey, even less, right, the conversion rate just goes down. So, this is probably the fastest way to get data

back. Okay, one last thing that I do want to touch base on in this video, which is detrimental towards getting results, is something that is extremely important. Once you have a mechanism, right, once you then understand how to present that mechanism with psychological like triggers included in your ads and you have good ads running, right, the next thing is applying learnings. Okay, you have to have a way to actually break down the ads that work and break down the ads that don't work. And I've shown this in other videos as

well, but let me just break it down in a better way. What's going to happen is that you're going to have a bunch of ads at the end of the week, at the end of the couple weeks, at the end of the month, at the end of the year, whatever you want that are going to fail and are going to succeed. You have to create two buckets and start making observations. This is an example uh of let's just say this brand accumulated all these ads and all these ads are winners, right? And these are just some common observations that

you can start making. The first 3 seconds uh uh there's basically 3se secondond intervals between one frame and the other. So, it's quite fast-paced. Or the best winning angles were the girlfriend boyfriend angle. Or most winners mentioned X as a common failed solution. Right? You get the point. You get the the gif of this conversation. You have to start making observation. I also did a breakdown on a previous video on an ad from Everyday Dose. They're absolutely killing it. And one other thing that I like to do when

it comes to like taking inspo from learnings is also just or getting like uh customer feedback, sorry, is reading the comments. when there's a lot of comments, I like just to read them also because it's it's like fun to like see exactly how people think and how do how they react to things. Therefore, understanding their psychological triggers as I said before. But overall, this is what a learnings kind of uh document would look like. What does the hook look like? Right? If you need caffeine to function, take X, right? And

so this is how this basically this u hook was displayed. If you need this, right? You need to solve this issue, then you need to get this. you need to solve this other issue, then you need to get this. So, it's a very visual hook. And so, we're basically making all of these observations on why the ad actually worked. And guess what? We're not always going to be right. But that's completely fine because over time, we will start getting better at this and start kind of drawing better

conclusions, not only from your winning ads, but also from your failed ads. Because guess what? When you have other ads, most like most of your ads on your ad account are going to be ads that just not going to work. So, meaning just pretend this is a winner. right on the left and this is a loser on the on the right. This ad, right, is going to have traits that maybe this other ad, the winning ad has, but there's like some differences and so you have to be able to break down the ad and and over time understand what those

differences are. Okay, that's typically how it works. And guess what? Most of your ads are fail as I said. So if most of your ads are going to fail, what what are you going to do? Not like just forget about them. You have to analyze them, right? And so um as I said here, I like to read through the comments as well. When how can you analyze ads? By the way, I like to do it in two ways. You can analyze your own ads. These could are basically ads that are produced by yourself where you have access to the ad metrics or you can also

do it with indirect or direct competitors. Meaning that if let's just say I'm selling a coffee drink or you know I have a coffee brand um or coffee supplement and I see everyday dose that also has a very similar product and I see this ad, I want to download it, study it and do the same thing. It doesn't have to be come from us. We've actually developed a tool that I can briefly speak about that does all of this automatically. I don't want to like pitch this right now also because it's

not into the market. It's still something we just use internally. But what this does is that you can um once again I'm not going to do a demo here, but simply put, you can upload an ad into this creative ad analysis and it's going to break down the ad for you. So it's going to give you an executive summary uh summary like why it worked. uh you're going to have the opportunity to like you know what this tool does is that you can put your ad metrics like your hook, your hold rate and all these

things and it can analyze your hook and give you the observation of why it worked, right? It also going to give you an ad analysis uh as like a visual ad breakdown so you know exactly what happens scene by scene and you can easily share this with your creative team of course. So they have a visual and written uh representation of the winning ad so it's easier to reproduce. And then there's so many other things. I'm not going to spend too much time doing um you know walking through this,

but things like why the ad won or psychological principles, the what we just discussed, right? Winning patterns that were detected in the ad. They do before and afters. There is a transformation. There's a a differentiation by elimination process. There's focus on ease and convenience aspect of it. There's clear and direct call to action at the end, right? There's an offer presented. All these things are the same exact things that I'm talking about over here. These are all observations, but instead of doing

it one by one, we basically do it. I mean my team can use this and you know there's a lot of things here. There's also growth opportunities, iterations. You can also create scripts. There's a bunch of other things. You can also create briefs from it. Uh maybe I can save the demo to another day. This is just the brief, right? You can autogenerate a brief and share it with with your entire team. Anyways, more on this later on. Uh I'm not here to pitch you this tool yet. But uh let's talk

about one last thing. What did I want to talk about? We talked about learnings. I showed you one tool to use. One last thing that I wanted to touch base on that is extremely important is as you start doing your learnings, you need to track your learnings. Okay, what we typically do is this. We use a tool uh called Google Sheets. You might know Google Sheets and it's a we use a creative testing tracker. I talk about this in all my videos. If you're rolling your eyes, I'm sorry, mate, but this is

just something that is so important whenever we do your our ads and we start launching our ads. And this is probably why seven figure brands or seven figure brands and eight figure brands or eight figure brands. Eight figure brands actually give a and do this. Sevenigure brands, they just put things on the ad account and they have a sense of what can work. If you document everything, you literally are making it impossible for you not to understand why certain things are working and certain things aren't, right? And so this is a

good way for us to cra uh to track and document every single test that goes into the ad account with the marketing angle, the creative concept, the awareness stage, the avatar, the link that we use, the page link, the copy link, the format, whether it was a video, a GIF, an image, a static, right? The creative link, the results, whether it was a winner, loser to break even, the spend. This is a demo, right? So you can actually take this sheet down below. There's I think the fourth link and you

can download it and start using it yourself. And then once a week our media buyer goes in here and adds the the metrics. And so this is something that we would consider somewhat of a winner, right? 1.8K in spend, 2.5x rorowes. And so we do two things here that are super super important. We have an hypothesis column which is basically why are we testing this ad in the first place? And this hypothesis should be based on your previous learnings and what you previously understood. For example, if you noticed that your uh let's just say

most of your results from your quiz uh you know saying things like you know 70% of people of people are dealing with skin care issues or like under eye issues and wrinkles then you know that that is something that is kind of that you've analyzed based on your learnings or based on scientical data or uh quiz uh data that you know is to be true. And so that would be an hypothesis because I know that over 70% of users uh that went through my quizunnel selected XYZ. Then I'm going to test this and this is going

to be my hypothesis. Right? So it makes it has to make sense. It can't just be random. Then after 7 14 days or 20 days or or some somewhere along those lines, we take a step back and we start doing learnings on each test. So most of these tests are just not going to work. Unfortunately, nobody has a 90% hit rate on their ads. More like 10 maybe 20 maybe 30%. Right? So 70% 80% 90% of your ads are going to fail. So you're going to have to do learnings on those. And the idea that you are doing hypothesises

and learnings is going to give you so much more context and you are going to become much more of an expert every other month, right? Every month that goes by, it's basically like a hockey stick. You you start or I guess a growth curve that you can see over time. You're going to start with learnings, then things are going to uh slightly increase. then you're going to do more learnings and more learnings and more learnings until you start seeing this exponential growth which is due by you

know it's done and um by the learnings that you did over the last weeks and months right so this is also how we track win rate anyways I talk about this many many times I hope this video was valuable when it comes to our ad account guys I can bring you through um kind of like how we structure it but we structure everything in different campaigns I can't show you too much because we we can't disclose uh information from our clients because we name our campaigns with kind of like products and clients as well But simply

put, we create one campaign for each product or one campaign for each market. What's a market? US, UK, Australia. So if we ever have a different market, we add an extra campaign. If we have have a different product, we also have a different campaign. We like to do everything on CBOS. We also have different clients that do uh advantage shopping plus campaigns. We also have clients that do ABOS's depending on what we want to do. What we've also noticed is that whenever we we start doing

ABOS's when you start seeing CBO ads that are maybe not spending too too much, but they are spending a bit and they're getting a good amount of row like good row as numbers. So, what we can do is get that same ad and put it inside of a CBO uh to have it and kind of like have it be more independent. And so, if you want to just ramp up that budget of that specific ad, concept, angle, funnel, whatever it is, we can because it's singular. It's not like plural, meaning it's not collective.

That's what I mean. And so we keep it very very simple. Uh you know this is how we structure it. It's pretty straightforward to be honest. Anyways that is it for this video. I hope you enjoyed it. Let me know if you have any questions uh about below the you know long story short what matters guys is your messaging. How you present your messaging mean meaning the frame that you use it uh that you're using to present your messaging right understanding psychological triggers so that you understand what triggers people

to essentially click read your page and buy. Doing learnings and tracking all of your learnings in all of your tests. All of these are things that multi8 and nine figure brands do. Why shouldn't you? That's the question. That is it for this video. If you are a brand doing at least $100,000 a month and you want to scale to 500k a month, a million a month, 5 million a month. We have experience working with 8 figureure businesses. We've been fortunate enough to do that. And so if you want to explore the

opportunity of working with us, you can book in a call. You're probably going to speak with myself or one of my team members and then we can explore the opportunity of doing business together. That is it for this video and also see you in the next one. Bye.
