You just saw three influencers and one of them is real and the other two are 100% made with AI. And the question is, can you tell the difference? AI models like Aiana Lopez are money printing machines. Can you believe this AI model has built an Instagram, gone viral, built a huge following, and now is monetizing it. So, as you guys can see on my computer screen, I'm on the Instagram page of Aiana. I think that's how I'm saying her name. But you can see here 386,000 followers, 463 following, and you can

see here the first AI influencer. And as you guys can see on her timeline or on her posts, all the images she's posting. And to be honest with you guys, it does look like a real person. If you look at some of these images, it actually looks real. It's very hard to tell that it is an AI influencer, but it definitely is. As you can see in the bio, it definitely says AI influencer. And the other thing is if we look at her story highlights, you can see brands. So if we click on these brands, she's worked with Razer.

She's worked with all of these massive brands. That's just one of the ways this account is monetizing through ambassador brand partnerships. And one of the best things about this AI influencer opportunity is it's a lowcost business, which means you don't need to invest loads of money to get it going. And in this video, I'm going to be showing you step by step how you can recreate an AI influencer account on Instagram, Tik Tok, and monetize it through the methods like drop shipping, Tik Tok shop, and

the other ways. Now, if that sounds good, guys, make sure you destroy the like button because I've got a like goal of a,000 likes. And the other thing is I've put together a myro board that goes over the stepby-step process with all the tools, all the prompts, so you can do this yourself. And it literally took me hours to make that myro board, guys. So, all I ask for is if you like the video. Now, you might be thinking, is this account only posting images? Guess what? If we go to reals, she's also or

the AI influencers also pasting realels. She's even got a try on haul where she's trying on clothes as an AI influencer. And you can see these are getting 120,000 views. You know, 86,000 views. It's actually very impressive. >> Okay, Mortales, we have a problem. Razer gifted me the Anky quartz and now I never want to get up from this chair. The color, the shape, the comfort. I feel like I'm about to break the digital universe. I literally feel like a queen. My new gamer setup just leveled up. And

so did I. So mortals, if you suddenly see me on your screen a little too, >> guys, it's honestly crazy how this content looks so real. Now, sometimes you can tell it's AI because you can't get away with doing some of that stuff as a human. Look at this Amazon Black Friday video that the AI influencer made. Obviously promoting Amazon links, getting affiliate commission. >> It's literally a fashion try on as an AI influencer. It's crazy what you can now do with the power of AI. Now, you might

be watching this thinking, "This must be really hard to do." And the thing is, I've made it simple for you guys to be able to do this. Now, check this out. I've actually gone off and built my own AI influencer page. And this is for a personal trainer teaching you how to get fit and healthy. Now, the way I'm going to monetize this page is by selling gym supplements, drop shipping products that help you from home workouts. That's how I'm personally going to monetize this

page. Now, you can see I've made a post showing the gym gains, and again, this looks very, very real. Then, I've shown him on a sunbed enjoying. Then, I've seen him in the gym with somebody, and again, it looks very realistic. And then I've also made a video, so check this video out. >> The only three exercises I'd start with when I was skinny, I made this mistake. Too many exercises, no real growth. Here's what actually worked. If you want to build size fast, you need movements

that train multiple muscles at once. Exercise one, incline presses, dumbbells, or a barbell. This builds your upper chest, shoulders, and triceps, and makes your upper body look thicker fast. Exercise two, pull-ups or lats. These build your lat, arms, and upper back. This is how you get width. Exercise three. Now, that looks very real to me. Now, although I did rush that video, I could have made it way more better. I just did it to show you that I'm building my own page. Now, a lot of you probably going to be asking,

well, how would you grow this page if it's an AI influencer? You would run a lot of reels. So, you create video reels every day and you'd slowly grow the account. And it works. I've done it on loads of other accounts. Or you can pay influencers to promote your videos and then that way you're cross-promoting accounts and then you build a following. So, that brings me on to the Myro board, cuz that's how we're going to do the step-by-step guide. And check out how in-depth this is, guys. Like, who else

on YouTube's building you an in-depth Myro board like this? Like, it's absolutely crazy. Now, the Myro board goes into deep details step by step in written format on exactly what you need to do. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to run through it with you guys also step by step. But make sure you guys get access to this in the pin comment and in the description below because it will help you with the video. Now, we're going to start off where it says step-by-step guide. So, number one,

we need to find famous influencers in your niche or you need to find a niche that we can replicate. So, essentially, we're finding a real human in a niche that we know is doing well, and we're just going to replicate it with our AI influencer. So guys, before we get into the next part of today's video, I wanted to hit you with a very important message as we're about to go into 2026. I still see it today. Most beginners are still approaching drop shipping and e-commerce all the wrong way. They find a product,

they build a Shopify store, they create some ads, and they run them on Facebook or Tik Tok. and they've completely forgot about the most important part of the process, which is understanding who your market is, how you can sell to them, what are their triggers, and how you can relay all of that into your creatives, your store, and your messaging. And that is literally why 99% of drop shippers fail. And this is another reason why I've just relaunched e-commerce mentoring again for the public. So, every single one of you guys

can apply to join our one-on-one mentoring. You heard that correctly. Not group mentoring. No video course. This is one-on-one mentoring. And here are the facts, guys. We've been offering mentoring since 2019. So, we've been around longer than most of the guys that you see today. Lot of skill is improve. I I don't know nothing about that. I just thought first like you can just design a store and launch that. That's it. Now, I know what is the strategy how you can go deeper and deeper. And for

the money, I make some money from that store, too. >> How much did you make, if you don't mind me asking? So far, how many sales have you got so far? >> I have a like 21 order and around, I think, 1,500. >> We actually shut it down over a year ago because we thought you guys don't need one-on-one mentoring anymore because the YouTube content, the type of information you can learn today on this channel is more than enough. But I was completely wrong. The amount of people that have

reached out since then saying, "I need one-on-one mentoring. I need so much help. And we've reviewed the issues they're having with their stores. This is the reason why we're relaunching it now. Now, the best part is we're relaunching it, but we're making it even better because inside of the mentor, we're actually going to teach you the AI tools and strategies that we're using every single day for our own drop shipping stores. So, you're not only going to be learning how to do drop

shipping and e-commerce correctly, but you're going to learn the insiders information, how we're using AI to try and automate most of our stores, which means we're going to remove human error from the process. So, within the mentoring, you're going to learn how to find actual winning products based on data, how to find marketing angles, understand the triggers and the audience, creating a Shopify store that converts, then creating the angles in the creatives that work so that when you

launch them on Facebook ads, you're going to get good hook rates, you're going to get good click-through rates, [music] and you're going to have higher chances of seeing success. Now, this one-on-one mentoring is a six-week process, and it's intense. It's real one-on-one mentoring. It's no BS fluff like other gurus sell online. So, if you're ready in 2026 to take your drop shipping or e-commerce journey seriously because you're looking for a way to escape, whether it be your 9 to5, get

more time back, make more money, then this is the best opportunity for you to learn. Now, the bad news is there's only a few spots available and then we're going to have to close the mentoring down again for the next few months. So what I'm trying to say to you guys is it's a first come first service and it's a very small amount of students that we teach. That way we can keep our track record very good. So if you're interested in learning from the best of the best and the best track record in

the history when it comes to students, you can apply using the link below. You need to simply fill out the type form. Make sure you fill it out correctly and you provide the correct and real information. With that being said, guys, remember you can apply using the link in the description below or you can visit eyencommercementoring.com. With that being said, guys, let's get back into the video. Now, the best way to do this is by using a tool that shows you real analytical data about what's

currently doing well in the market. Now, I'm really against guessing. So, the best way to do it is use a tool that shows you the real data. Now the tool that I'm using is called Fast Moss and this shows me all the information about what are the best performing niches at the moment. Now usually Tik Tok and Instagram are very correlated. So whatever is doing well on Tik Tok is usually what's doing well on Instagram. So I'd recommend that you guys use Fastmos. There'll be a link in the

description and in the pin comment. And basically once you've created an account on Fastmos, you're going to see market insight. So this shows you what's currently doing well in the market. Now I've filtered this by the last 28 days and I've done all categories and now you can see which is the best performing niches at the moment. So you've got the stable market, you've got the essential market. When you hover over these categories, it shows you the market growth rate and the market size. So if I

go over here to beauty and personal care, the market growth, the market size is huge. Now you can see here we got sports and outdoor that's doing really well. So this essentially shows you what's currently doing well versus isn't doing well in the last 28 days. Now you can also filter this on a monthly basis if you want to check the last 90 days, but this is showing me the last 28. And based on this information, I saw that men's and sports and outdoor and fitness is doing very well. So that's hence why

I picked my niche. Now another thing that you can do is you can go over to where it says product and then you can go over to top selling and then it shows you the US products ranked. So, what is the best in sales right now? So, this is another way to find a niche based on the top selling products. So, you can see here that this supplement is doing really, really well. It's a magnesium supplement. We've got some tech gadgets. We've got some beauty gadgets, but a lot of it is tech and supplements. You can

see on here, guys, most of the top selling products are all supplementbased products. And again, that's one of the reasons why I chose the health and fitness/gy because I can sell supplements very easily within that niche. And you can also filter this guys. So if you've already found a niche that you want to do, for example, I want to do sports and outdoor, I can filter it by sports and outdoor. And now it shows me the products that are selling the best in the sports and outdoor niche. So, for example, for my personal

fitness AI influencer, I could sell this product here because it is proven to make the most money at the moment on the platform. So, if I'm looking for products to help affiliate myself with or sell on my e-commerce website on Shopify, I know which ones are going to sell the best because it's showing me the top selling products in that niche. So, if you're wondering what products to sell for your AI influencer or what products to be affiliated with or Tik Tok shop, this is the best way to do it

because you do want to build a great AI influencer, but you don't want to be selling products that people don't want because you're building the page, but you don't want to try and sell to people what they don't want. You want to sell to people what they want, and this shows you that information. Now, once we've done that, guys, we can head over to the create a search. On the left, you're going to see creator. You're going to go to create a search. You're going to

filter this by your niche. Sports and fitness, health and wellness, or you can search based on hashtags. So once you filtered it down by the niche you decided to choose, you can scroll down and now you're going to see the creators accounts that are doing the best at the moment in these niches. So you can see here I found all of these accounts. I've got this one here called Charlie coming up. And you can see here that is averaging around about 173,000 views per week, which isn't bad. So, this is just

showing me how I can find creators that are doing the best. Now, you can filter this by total units sold in the last 28 days. Now, I do recommend that you do filter this by what is the best selling influencer. So, what influencer is selling the most products because essentially that's what you're going to be doing. So, for example, we can check out this Charlie guy's account by clicking on his name. And then I can also just go straight to his account by clicking this button here. I'm going to

copy his name. Go over to Tik Tok. I've searched for his name here, guys, and I found his account. He's got 800,000 followers, and this is the content he's making. So, now I know that I need to make content like this for my AI influencer if I want to sell. And look, he's selling supplements, guys. He's selling protein shakes. He's selling supplements like creatine, protein powder. So, this is just one account based on what type of content I want to make. Now, I always say try and find

around about three accounts that we can copy content from and remake it. So, I've got my two accounts that I'm going to be mirroring for my AI influencer. Now, what do these two accounts have in common? You can see this account here, guys, which is on Instagram, and you can see this account here, which is also on Instagram. If I find them on Tik Tok, I also find them on Instagram. Now, both accounts are giving fitness tips. Both accounts are posting without any tops, posting consistently. What does this

mean for us? We need to follow the same strategy, post the same gym advice, and post our AI influencer showing off a good physical physique as that's clearly what's working for both of these guys. Now, the next thing that we're going to do is use our first AI tool to help us create an AI avatar as an influencer. So, you're going to want to head over to GenSpark. Now, GenSpark will be linked in the description and in the pin comment below. Genpark is basically an all-in-one AI solution. Now, I'm not

sponsored by Gen Spark, although there is an affiliate link in the description. I use GenSpock every single day for all of my businesses cuz it is a super agent that can do everything. So, what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to use this prompt here, guys, I put in the description. Now, you do need to adjust this slightly to fit the niche that you've chosen because you can see here in some of the prompt, I talk about it being for a gym person or a male personal trainer. You need to change

this prompt to match whatever niche that you've chosen to do. So, don't just copy this prompt, guys. You do need to adjust it, but this is the outline that you need to use. So, I've got my prompt, guys. I'm going to paste it in here, and I'm going to click send. And you can see just like that, we've got our prompt back, which says full body shot of a muscular 33-year-old Caucasian male with imposing Arnold Schwarzenegger inspired physical physique. So, we've got our prompt, guys, that we needed. Then,

you're going to want to head over to Arc Ads. Now, this is the platform we're going to be using to create our custom AI influencer as a actor. So, we're going to create all of our AI actors and influencers within Arcads. So, make sure you sign up to Archad using the link in the description and in the pin comment. Now, once you've created an account on Arcads, what you're going to want to do is create a new project. You can rename the project, and I'm going to call this one AI influencer. Then, you can click

save. And then within this project, we're going to go to talking actors. We're going to go to add actors and we're going to go to my actors and then we're going to click create actor. So, this is essentially us creating our AI actor or avatar or AI influencer. Then you can paste the prompt that we got from GenSpark, which is here. And we can simply paste it in here. And you're going to want to make sure that it's a 9x16 aspect ratio. And then you can click generate. And then what it's going

to do, guys, it's going to generate an image that we can use for our AI influencer. And just like that guys, Arcarads has created us three images of our potential influencer. So make sure you choose the image that looks more towards the camera. So this image here is a clear image of the influencer clearly looking at the camera. Now the only thing I don't like is he's got a towel on his shoulder. So that one's going to be hard to replicate long term. Remember, we got to replicate this

avatar throughout of our whole page. So this image here is better because it shows him looking directly at the camera. There's nothing on his body that's hard to recreate later. So, this is the better image to use. So, now I can click continue. Now, the next important thing that we need to do is we need to explain how our actor should look, how it should talk to the camera. So, this is where we're going to go back to GenSpark. We're going to paste this prompt here. So, this prompt now tells

Genpark to create us an output prompt that we're going to give to Archad explaining the type of emotion and body language it should have as an AI avatar towards the camera. And you can see here vertical full body shot. It's designed for Instagram reels. So it's telling it that it's designed for a certain look. So we're going to copy this prompt. We're going to go to Arcads. We're going to paste it in here. And then we can click turn into a talking actor. Then you need to confirm how many credits

you're going to use and click turn into an actor. And then we can choose a voice. Now if you want your influencer to be big in the American market, clearly choose an American accent. If you want him to be big in the UK market, choose the UK market. Now, you can literally change this by accent. So, for example, I'm going to filter by American, gender being male, and then I can choose one of these. >> Hey, you. Welcome to Archads. >> Hey, you. Welcome. >> Hey, you. Welcome to Ards. I'm one of

the natural AI act. >> Hey, you. >> Hey, you. Welcome to Ards. I'm one of the natural AI actor. >> I really like Ralph's voice. It sounds natural to me. So, I'm going to kick pick voice. Now you can see Arcar Adrads is now training the model which means it's going to take around about an hour or so to train the model so that we can now turn this image into our custom AI influencer. Now just to show you guys an example of me doing this prior to the video just to show you the output

result. You can see I did one here. So you can see this video here guys use for your ads. Create a script you think will work well. Choose some actors and let the magic happen together. Let's skyrocket your ads performance. >> Now, ignore the voice. That's not the voice I chose, but it just gives you a prefiltered voice when you display or preview the actor. This is another shot that I got made. >> Hey, you. Welcome to Arcads. I'm one of the natural AI actors you can use for

your ads. Create a >> This is another shot that I got. >> Hey, you. Welcome to Arcads. I'm one of the natural AI actors you can use for your ads. Create a script you think will work well. Now, essentially what I've done here, guys, I'm going to show you how to do it later, is I got the first AR actor done. And the next thing that I did once he was done is I remade the actor with different scenes. Him looking at the camera in a UGC style talking to the camera and then him also in a gym in

a different scenario. You need to create multiple scenes of the AI influencer so that when you create content, you have different variations of the styles that you can do. Remember, this dial here is one of the most famous ways that AI influencers talk to the camera. They have the phone, they talk to it. So, we need a shot like this. It's the most common way actors usually talk to the camera. So, now I've explained to you guys why we need multiple angles of our AI influencer. If you go back to the

Myro board, you can see here I give you the prompt to create a second angle, or should I say second visual. So, all you need to do is grab this prompt here, go back to GenSpark, paste this in, and then you need to click send. Now remember with every prompt I give you guys, please read it before sending it because I'm using these prompts for my AI influencer niche. If there's any words that you need to change to your niche, please make those adjustments. And now you can see the handheld phone

selfie prompt that we need to create this visual here. So now all I'm going to do, guys, is copy this prompt again. You want to open up another Arc Ads tab. So I'm going to duplicate this tab. You're then going to go over to where it says image. You're going to change the settings to Google Banana Pro 9 by6. You're then going to paste the prompt in this section here. You can choose how many variations you want it to make. You can do three or two. I'm going to do two to make it quicker. And click send. Now,

you can see that it's made this image here of my AI actor looking at the phone as a UGC style. It's got this random Verizon thing at the top. We can just crop that out. It doesn't really matter. or we can reprompt it to say remove this and remove this accessibility button. Now the only thing that I'd say you need to be careful of is how accurate is the look. So this is my AI influencer image versus this is the AI influencer. So it doesn't look 100% accurate. Don't get me

wrong, they look similar, but they don't always look 100%. If we look at this one here, guys, this one's way better. He's definitely looking at the camera. There's none of that weird Verizon thing. Now, this was just the second image that the Google Nana Banana Pro made me. And if we now zoom in to his face and zoom in over here to my AI actor, that's the video. Now, after around about 20 minutes, guys, my AI actor is ready. So, I can watch his video and see what he actually looks

like. Now, this video is really, really good. But I need to see does my AI actor actually look like this? I'm not going to lie, he kind of looks like this guy. But if you want to make it 100% more accurate, what you can do is once you've got the video, you can download it. And once the video is downloaded, you've now got it in the full resolution. You can zoom the video in. Once you zoom the video in, you can take a print screen of the guy. And you can do it when he's got different emotions. Like

he's smiling here. So I can take a print screen of this. And now what we can do, guys, we can go back to the archads image. Now, by the way, this image here is actually really, really good. So I'm going to download it. Anyway, and now we can use the same prompt again, but this time we're uploading the reference images of what our AI avatar looks like. So now I've uploaded the reference image. We can now click send. And what this is going to enable is it's going to help make the image output more accurate

because it has a reference image of what our avatar looks like from the video. Now you can see that it's made me another image based on that prompt. And you can see now the image is a lot more accurate. So, if I go back to the video, the image is way more accurate. Now, guys, look at the difference. And this is one of the mistakes a lot of people make. You just want to make sure you use a reference image when you do this, cuz you can see the t-shirt's the same color. The muscles are very much

accurate. He's he looks huge here. He also looks huge here. His face was really chubby in the other one. Here, it's a lot more accurate. It's not going to be 100% perfect, but it's just way more accurate. You can see this other image here, but the camera is just weird in terms of the way it's been put in his hand. So, I'd ignore this one. But that's how we get our other scenes. And then in terms of turning that into an AI avatar, guys, we go back to create actor. We create a new actor based on an

image. We upload the image that we just got. We upload this image here. So, I'm going to download in HD. Upload the image. You can copy the same prompt that we had prior, guys. So, you can copy the exact same prompt. paste it in here and then you can click generate. So what we're doing here guys is we're getting Arcer ads to make us another AI avatar which is the same avatar. We had to go through all that process prior for it to be able to recreate an accurate new version of the avatar. Unfortunately at

this moment you can't recreate the avatar in multiple scenes. So like for example with the video we originally made of him in the gym we can't remix it or change it into other scenes. So, we have to do it this way for now for it to work. And because we've given it now the reference image, a really good accurate image of our avatar looking at the phone and the actual prompt, it should now generate images that we can use. That should be very, very accurate. And just like that, guys, it's created us an

accurate image. So, I can select this image and click select actor. Then, what you're going to want to do is upload the image to GenSpark. So, I'm going to go to GenSpock and then what you're going to want to do is say explain what this actor is doing in this image. Then once you've done that, guys, you're going to paste it in here. The actor speaks directly into the camera casual Tik Tok style and then click turn into actor. But essentially, this is the prompt that you're going to want to use. It should

sound something along these lines. Then click turn into actor. Again, you're going to want to make sure you're using the same voice, guys, because it is basically the same actor. So, I'm going to be using Ralph. pick voice. You got to make sure everything's the same, guys. He looks the same, he sounds the same, or the actor isn't going to make sense. So guys, I've just shown you how to make those two angles in terms of looking at the camera and looking like he's in the gym. It's up to you guys if

you want to make more angles or visuals of your actor or influencer in a certain scenario. Now, if you go over to one of your competitor's Instagram pages or Tik Tok pages and you see an angle that you think they need to be into, you can print screen the angle or the visual background they're in and get it to remake that for the exact same avatar you've just made. So, basically, if you've got a competitor's Instagram page, you notice that they constantly pose in a certain angle or environment

and you haven't got one for your influencer yet, just copy it. Get Jensen to tell you that you want to recreate that scene. And then you do the exact same process again. That way you've got more visuals, more scenes to use for your page. Now, essentially once you've done that, guys, because it can take a little bit of time, we're now going to move on to creating actual videos to post on our pages. The first thing that you're going to want to do is go over to one of the accounts that you found

through Fasmos. And you're going to want to go on one of their most popular or viewed videos. Again, if you use Vid IQ, it's a Chrome extension. You're going to be able to see how many views these pages get and how many likes they get. It's a free Chrome extension. And then you're going to want to replicate that video. Now, if you're using Tik Tok, you can use Snapt Tick. If you're using Instagram, you can use Fast DL. These are two ways you can download videos. Or on Tik Tok, you can rightclick and

download if they enable it. So, for example, this is a video that I want to recreate cuz it works for this account. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to click copy link. I'm then going to head over to this website here for Instagram downloading. I'm going to paste it in here and click download. And you can see here, I'm going to click download. And now I've downloaded the visual. Then you're going to want to head over to Otter AI because this allows you to transcribe or transcript

the video. So whatever he said or whatever he's doing in the video, we'll find out. So I've got his video here. I'm going to add it to Otter AI and then I'm going to click go to transcript. So you can see here it's transcribed the video. So all I've got to do is copy this text. Go back to GenSpark. We're going to paste the transcript in. We're then going to use this prompt that I've given you, which basically analyzes the transcript and then gives you your own

version. So, I'm going to copy all of this, go back to GenSpark, put a dash, and then paste the prompt. And just like that, guys, it optimized the Instagram real script. So, the Instagram real script is done. We've got it all here. So, now we've got the script. We can go back to Ards. Both of our AI avatars are ready. The one of him speaking into the camera, the one of him in the gym. I can then grab the one where he's speaking to the camera. I can then grab these. And then you're going to want to make sure

that the lip sync is turned on. So for both of these videos, you've got the lip sync option. Now these videos were generated within around about 10 to 20 minutes. If you want the best results, make sure lip sync is turned on. And you can see now it's saying taking up to 2 hours. I'm going to do the same for this one. And you're going to see now it's going to show waiting up to 2 hours. Please make sure you guys do this because if you don't, it's not going to look realistic. But once yours is done

after two hours, for example, I'm just going to use this avatar for now. I'm going to add it as an actor. Then it's going to ask me for my script. So I've got my prompt. I'm going to paste it here. And then what you guys can do is you can click add emotions. So there's an emotions button here. And then it will add emotions based on the prompt that we've given it based on the script that we've given it. Because this is quite a long script, it's going to take a while to add the emotions. And now you

can see it's added the emotions throughout. so that when the AI actor or influencer is looking or talking, it's going to look realistic. Then we can click use. This is going to use one of our credits and then the video will be done. Now, as we're waiting for our AI avatar to read the script, we can then create B-roll clips to overlay on top of the video. Now, remember that AI avatar is only going to act within the visual scene we have it in. So, if we play this video that we're going to recreate, he's

clearly lifting weights and doing shrugs. Now, he's going to alternate in a minute to doing different types of workouts. So, if we want this to look realistic, we basically need to explain that we want our avatar to be able to do this. So, we need clips of our AI influencer doing these different types of workouts. So, he's doing flies. So, these are the B-roll shots that I'm going to want to add on top of the video. So, now we can go back to Gen Spark. So, I put I need B-roll shots of

my AI avatar doing gym workouts like like shoulder shrugs and shoulder flies. Now, what I'd also recommend is you take screenshots of the guy doing it so we can send it to Gen Spark. So, he's doing the shoulder shrugs there. We want him doing the flies. So, he's doing the flies here. So, we can print screen those two guys. And then we can go back to Gen Spark, upload these images, and then we can click send. Then what you're gonna want to do is duplicate the GenSpark tab. Go to new and then you're

going to want to go to AI video. Then once you're in AI video, you're going to use Gemini V31 reference. You're going to change the settings by 9 by6. You're going to change it to 5 to 10 seconds. You're going to want to turn autoprompt off. And this is where it says assets. Now you can upload a reference video of your avatar. So I'm going to upload the one from Arcer Ads here. And you can see I've upload the video of our avatar. So I'm going to click upload. And now what

I can do guys is go back to the other Gen Spark tab. Then you can see here the prompt is here. Now you're going to want to ignore the first part because he's explaining the influence of a copying. So don't copy the first part cuz you can see it's explaining somebody else. So after that you can see the rest of it looks fine. So we're going to copy the rest of the prompt. Avoiding this will make it so it doesn't change the avatar. We're going to go back to here. We're

going to describe it and click send. So you can see I've got the reference asset attached. I've got my prompt and now I'm going to click send. Now, if you've not been using GenSpark to do some of this, guys, you can use an alternative platform called Freepick. Freepick's also a great option if you've not been using GenSpark. And on Freepick, you just go to the video generation tool. You use Google VO3.1. I upload as the start image showing the influencer. And I don't add an end image. I just use a

star image. It's better to do that. Now, a better option if you can, if you've got the time, is to actually create a character. So, by creating a character, you upload 12 images of the AI influencer. Now, realistically, you want close-up shots, different visual shots of him in different backgrounds, and then that will model a character so that it will never change the way he looks. Now, that takes a little bit more time, which I haven't got today, but that is the better option. Now, for now, I've

just used the start image as a reference image, given it the prompt, and now it's generating the video. So guys, as you can see, we've got the first video back for the B-roll, and you can see here he's doing his shoulder flies. Now, what I'm going to say to you guys is this looks pretty good for me. Now, if you want better results, like I said, you're going to want to use the character option where you upload multiple images of him. That way, it'll always be consistent. But, if I'm being honest

with you, this option is very, very good. So, we can actually use this one for our B-roll clip. But, I can't emphasize the point. If you want the best best results, make sure you go to the character section of Freepick and clone the character. That way, his face will never change. So, when he's doing movements up and down with his face, sometimes his face can change. That will avoid that issue. But essentially, you'll need to get Google Banana to make 12 images of the same face or the same

guy, and then you can upload them. Then essentially once you've got all your B-roll clips and your AI avatar reading the script, you come over to Cap Cup. You click create new. You do 9 by6. You click upload videos. You upload the footage you've got of your influencer. Now, as I've got to wait for my AI avatar script to be done, I've just uploaded the basic video of him talking to the camera. So, this is just a BS video section, so just ignore this. But this example would be him speaking to

the camera about the video we've replicated. And then this is the B-roll shot I've got from Free Pick. So you can see the B-roll shot I've got here. So what essentially I would do is I'd make this full screen. So where it says Phil, you click fill. And then what I'll do is I'd overlay this B-roll. So as he's speaking to the camera, let's just imagine he's talking about the script that I got him to read. So he's here reading the script and then he shows you

how to do the workouts. Now the issue with the start of this video is he's got nothing in his hand and then it's eventually he's got it in his hand. So I'm going to want to crop that so it looks real. So now I can place that here. And now if I play the video, he's speaking about training. He's now doing the shoulder flies and he's actually got the weights in his hand as he starts. And just like that, guys, we can crop the video. So essentially, that's just an example. I'm going to move that a

little bit more earlier of if he was reading the script, then he's doing the workout, and then again, because the script would be around about 30 seconds long, I would alternate him doing the shoulder flies, then him doing the shrugs. But you can see an example of how this would look. And then once you're done, all you got to do guys is export the video. Then once you've exported the video, you can then create your Instagram account. Call it whatever you want in terms of the Instagram

profile. Realistically, you're going to want to mention the industry that you're in. So, for example, you're going to want to call it whatever your AI avatar name is and then the niche he's in. So, if I'm a personal trainer, your name personal trainer. That way, the keyword will get easily found in the search engine. And then once you've done that, you can call your bio personal trainer or you can put AI personal trainer keywords to help you grow. And then you can start uploading content onto the

page. Now, you don't only have to post reals, although reals is the quickest way to grow accounts if you want to grow them from zero, but images is a great option to fill out the actual accounts. You want to fill the account out with some images and some videos. Now, the images that you can post are the same ones that other people are posting on those competitor accounts that you're looking at. So, whatever images they're making, literally take a screenshot of it, give it to GenSpot and say, "I want

to recreate this." But for my AI avatar, give that to Google Banana. You can copy the images very easily. Now, the goal is to grow the account first. Get it to get followers. Again, you could pay somebody to help you post your content. So, you could hire an influencer. Again, Fast Moss allows you to find influencers, get them to basically promote your content. So, you could make a video about growing your shoulders or growing your chest as a PT. You could pay an influencer to boost that post by, you know, sharing

it, commenting on it, you know, shouting you out on their page. That way, you can get some traction on your account. Spend around about $300 to $500 getting people to shout out your account. Once you've got that momentum, you can start really posting two reels a day based on what's working on the other accounts. and then your account will grow very well. You can really get to around about 5 to 10,000 followers within a month. And then once you've got that momentum and you've got people following and engaging

on your account, then you can start monetizing it through things like Shopify drop shipping, Tik Tok shop, whether it be affiliate marketing, brand ambassador deals. You can do all of those by putting a link tree in your bio. So you put a link tree in your bio. And obviously for my account, I found drop shipping products that would make money based on the analytics of Fastmos. But with that being said, guys, I hope you've enjoyed this video on how to do AI influencers in 2026.
