[00:00:00 - 00:00:44] In today's video, we are going to break down some winning ads. I'm going to show you some things at first and then we're going to talk about the winning ads. I'll show you the winning ads and I'll also tell you why they're winning so that you can apply the same frameworks for your own ecom brand. Before we get further into the video, my name is Brando. I actively work with seven and eight figure businesses. This is just one uh client that we're managing that did over one almost $ 1.5 million in the

[00:00:22 - 00:01:14] last 30 days alone. Now that we got the proof out of the way, let's jump right into the video. Okay. So, the first thing that you need to understand before we get into actually showing you the uh the creatives which I have over uh here uh I have one, two, three, just four or five creatives that I just want to show you and break down. Before we get into this, I want to stress the fact that in order for you to understand why an ad works or let me just take a step back. The first thing that you need to do when

[00:00:48 - 00:01:44] it comes to learning and understanding your ads is categorizing your ads into two, right? Losers versus winners. And guess what? Most of the times when you are uh kind of going through ads most of the times are g you know they're going to be losers in in most cases 90 80% 90 95% are going to be losers. So guess what you have to of course study the losers but in this video we are also obviously going to study and understand um you know the winners so that we can apply the same learnings into the losing

[00:01:16 - 00:02:07] ads and of course improve them. So the first thing you need to do is understand that there's losers and there's winners and you need to start categorizing them and individually study them so that you can apply learnings. Okay. So this being said, the first thing that we want to do is gather all of our own winning ads and also the winning ads of our best topped direct or indirect competitors. An indirect competitor, just before we move on to clarify, is a competitor that is not necessarily sharing the same

[00:01:41 - 00:02:31] product, but it's sharing a similar audience. So if I'm selling to, you know, 75year-olds on Facebook and then a competitor is, you know, selling another product, but it's selling to the same audience, that is an indirect competitor. And so by analyzing them or our own ads, we group them up and then we start analyzing things and traits and start making observations on things that are happening within the video. For example, and then I'm going to show you real life example of how I do this on

[00:02:06 - 00:03:01] real life, but here's just an example. So for example, the the 3se secondond frame by frame pace. So each frame is around 3 seconds or the girlfriend boyfriend angle is working exceptionally well or observing that most winners um you know use uh what what do I say here? Most winners mentioned X as a common failed solution. Right? So all of these things you're going to have to start putting into an observation file so that you can take all these things into consideration. So I'm actually I already

[00:02:34 - 00:03:26] did some learnings for this ad. Let's go through this ad specifically and understand why it worked so that we can apply them for you know the way that you you should do learnings as well. So let me just take a look over here and play this video. First of all this video what I like to do is I like to spend a lot of time on a to find brands and then I I validate them on ad spy. What do I mean by that? For example, if I find let's just say I'm selling uh everyday dose which is this company over here. So they

[00:03:00 - 00:03:57] sell like mushroom coffee. uh what I would do is I would find them here uh because this is a good tool to find and explore brands and then I would validate that the ad is actually viral. How? Well, by doing like this every day dose uh ad filter and then I would find the ad here as you can see here and I can validate the engagement of the ad because you can't do that here on Entra. Okay, I'm actually building a tool that eventually will do these two things into one place just to make it easier for brand owners.

[00:03:28 - 00:04:14] Uh but yeah, before we get uh not before, let's just jump right in. Let's take a look at the video first and then let's uh analyze it. >> Carry too much weight. If you need caffeine to function, take aenine. Carry too much weight in your midsection, take chaga. Can't stop eating junk, take lion's mane. And if your skin won't clear up, take collagen. This is what your gut looks like. And most people will spend hundreds of dollars on supplements to fix it. Let's forget

[00:03:52 - 00:04:45] about that because now you can get those same benefits from one cup of coffee. You have your caffeine, atheanine, chaga, lion's mane, and collagen all in one scoop. Not only is this sugar-free, but it's gluten-free, non-GMO, and made with clinically studied ingredients. Normally, this would cost you $45 for one bag, but now you can get this entire bundle for just $25. So, if your gut looks like this and you don't want to spend money on this, I'll drop a link for this deal below, but grab it now

[00:04:18 - 00:05:12] because once you scroll, you can never get this deal again. if you need. >> So, first of all, this this video is done exceptionally well and I I feel like the um the aspect that is making it go viral or people are sharing it. Look how many shares or 1.2,000 shares like more more shares than comments. This is also a good indication that you know the video is a winner for sure 100%. It also has 10,000 likes whatever 5 million views. One thing that I like to do is read through all the comments. In fact,

[00:04:45 - 00:05:35] one observation that I did here, other than doing, you know, identifying why it's a winner and doing learnings, which I'll bring you through in this call or in this video, I actually also analyze the comment uh section area just to see if there's ways to improve or other snippets that I can just add within the video to improve it or make just a better video than compared to my competitor, right? And so, uh, observation, let me just do some learnings here together. The first thing that I notice is the hook, right? So,

[00:05:10 - 00:05:59] this is once again how I would do learnings and break down winning ads. The first thing is I look is of course the hook. So if you need caffeine to function, take X. So I'm noticing that this trait of like need X get Y element is, you know, happens like three times within the hook. In the first 10 seconds, 7 seconds, it's happening already three times. Uh so this is definitely something people like and resonate with. >> Caffeine to function, take a carry too much weight in your midsection, take

[00:05:34 - 00:06:21] cha. Can't stop eating junk, take lion's mane. And if your skin won't clear up, take collagen. this is what you're >> first of all other than what I just said uh if you're dealing with this take that which is very direct it's also extremely visual like if you take let me just open this because it doesn't >> that looks like and most people >> okay one sec >> if you need caffeine to function take >> this >> so one thing that you'll notice is that

[00:05:58 - 00:06:56] it's extremely visual so this is your gut right with the big arrows and this is what you know the pills that you get and as it's telling you what the issues are as you can see the the jar is like filling up. So visually you can like see how you know impactful your gut becomes right how irritated or just bad gut it becomes compared to how many things you have to actually get to fix the gut right and so let me just move on so it's comparing all this mess right so it's very very visual that's one thing it's

[00:06:27 - 00:07:15] also comparing and telling you showing you next to the jar you know that you know it's very expensive as well so there is the expensive trait it's showing you the pills as well uh Yeah, it's talking about the supplement facts. So, basically, it's a very well-written ad. The first thing that I would do is I would transcribe it and then fully read the script so that I understand why certain things are being said to then create a similar script for myself or for my own company. That's one

[00:06:53 - 00:07:42] of the first things I would do. But other than that, I would understand why these things are working. Next observation that I made is that the entirety of the video is show don't tell. As I said before, it's effective as they are showing what the gut actually looks like after all the things mentioned, caffeine, junk, you get the point. It also showing how many pills and supplements people need to get to get rid of all those hab bad habits, right? So, that's also very effective. It also mentions how expensive it is. As

[00:07:18 - 00:08:07] I said before, showing the dollars right next to the jar. And then it says, "Now you can get the same benefits in just one cup of coffee." So, it's providing a simplified cost-effective solution. So once again, all I'm doing here is gradually just putting all of these observations into a document so that I can just start taking notes and start making observations. Sometimes all you need to do is do observations and apply those observations into your next videos or compare these observations to your

[00:07:42 - 00:08:36] failed videos. Right? Next thing uh within my learnings is you know as I'm breaking down the video is the video mentions the healthy ingredients of the coffee and also what healthy ingredients it does not have like sugar or all of these like it's like non-GMO all these things so it's added benefits and then of course there's a very strong offer an offer is being presented at 75% of the video uh being 50% off and then it ends with a call to action saying so if your gut looks like this once again very

[00:08:09 - 00:09:04] visual and you don't want to spend this then get this right So once again, it's a show don't tell uh representation. Uh and then it ends with urgency and scarcity claiming we can't get the deal again. So once again, like it didn't take me a long time to do this. Of course, if you're analyzing a VSSL, it's going to take more times. I'm actually building a tool as we speak that does analyzes your ads within like 2 minutes or 1 minute. Uh very fast. It does visual ad breakdowns. It tell you it

[00:08:37 - 00:09:23] tells you why the ad works or why it doesn't work. It tells you how to improve it. So, um, you know, you probably know if you're not new to the channel that I'm gonna launch that very, very soon. Um, and so, you know, this is what you need to do. The other thing that I noticed is that there's a a trait, a very common trait that people in the comments are saying, well, how does it taste like? Well, how does it taste like? Or another one, what does it taste like? Is it sweet? Right? What

[00:09:00 - 00:09:49] does it taste like? I can't force down something that tastes bad no matter how good it is for me. Right? So, this actually could be a some sort of hook or or claim that you can say directly in the video. So sometimes, not sometimes, in every case, it's 100% worth going through all these comments to get inspiration not only on what you can add to the video, but in spawn like new angles or new hook ideas, new avatars you can target and stuff like that. So what I do is like just filter by all

[00:09:24 - 00:10:12] comments and it takes me like one or two minutes and I read through the first couple of scrolls or more. And of course, some of these videos have like 30, 40, 50, even 100 plus likes and that is probably an indication that it's really resonating with people. So this is what you should do. Another thing that you should do as you are testing things is tracking everything. So if you don't have this sheet, I have a link below. I think it's the third or the fourth link in my description. Download

[00:09:49 - 00:10:35] it. It's completely free. What this is, it's a it's a tracking tool. So if you're not tracking your creative tests, you're leaving money on the table. Let me explain why. So every single test that we launch goes into this creative testing tracker. So if I'm testing a concept with three variations, it would go into one of these rows. So let's just say it's test number one. It would go over here. This is a naming convention that is automatically applied based on the columns that we fill up over here.

[00:10:11 - 00:11:08] So the marketing angle, the product, whoever did like the edit, the name of the editor that did the video, like the concept, in this case, it's a product review, awareness stage, the avatar, landing page link. Basically, it's a review or like a summary of your concept. After like 5 to seven days, we fill up the metrics like rorowaz, uh average, whatever, conversion rate, AOV, CTR, CPM, all these things, hold rate. And before we even start the concept, we make sure that we always have some sort

[00:10:40 - 00:11:32] of hypothesis so that the test in itself is not random. And then after 7 to like 14 days, we apply learnings. We internally do learnings one or twice a month just because it's easier for us to do learnings at batches. We do it for sure every couple weeks or that's when we share with the clients. We actually do it weekly within the team. But we always apply learnings. What is learning? Learning is basically observing and trying to come up with conclusions. So, you should do this with all of your tests, but also, of course,

[00:11:06 - 00:11:52] you should do it with just winning ads over your competitors because, of course, there's always going to be a competitor that's just crushing it and just doing better than you, uh, that is sharing a similar audience. And so, the least that you can do is like study and understand what's triggering people to buy from their ad compared to yours, right? And so, this is very, very important. One thing that I say here is how can you do learnings? Well, you can do learnings in two ways. From direct

[00:11:29 - 00:12:19] and indirect competitors and of course from your own ads, right? So this is very very simple. Uh let's just take a look. What do I have over here? Yeah, this is another I'll show you you know I'll show you that later. But let's just do some other learnings um from another example of an ad. I know that this is an image ad. Believe it or not, you should do learnings also on simple image ads as well. Just make observations on something like this. So this has been running for a bit. This is an active ad.

[00:11:54 - 00:12:45] It's been running since uh November 15th. Uh yeah, basically a month and a half. That proves to us that it's a winning ad. And so this is very very simple probably done with AI if I have to be honest. It is a bit exaggerated but it's definitely like coming across to this specific target audience. Uh and you know I think the target here is like the mom. So they're selling to moms. Good to say my daughter begged me not to make her go to school again. Her face was broken out red inflamed raw. She

[00:12:19 - 00:13:14] said they call me pizza face. Right. So it's basically this is like super emotional for the parent. Right? Even if maybe the the the child is doesn't come to them saying that she you know she or he is being called pizza face. Maybe they have the worry that you know people or bullies at school are calling them calling her or him pizza face. So whatever it's like triggering like a parent issue as well. And so and almost uh pulled the car over to cry. That's when I I knew we couldn't keep going

[00:12:47 - 00:13:41] like this. I found Norse Organics through another mom's review. Another mom's review. So adding a relatability factor. And honestly, I didn't believe the hype, but it was uh I was desperate. Within days of starting, the redness softened, the the bumps faded, and her skin uh healed. I noticed that this is actually talking about a her while this is a guy. So, proof that, you know, your ads don't have to be perfect for them to work, by the way. Uh now, she holds her uh head high in in the hallway. This

[00:13:14 - 00:14:11] ritual gives her pride, peace, and power back, and it might do the same for your child. So, very, very kind of like non- salesy, just a recommendation. One thing that I would add as a split test is definitely have like a whitelisted ad with a profile of the creator or of your own. Maybe like you know uh an organic um whitelisted profile that you create uh that's maybe obviously not real but you would create it to like make it [snorts] authentic. And then of course just very clear before and afters. This

[00:13:42 - 00:14:41] is pretty realistic if I have to be honest. This kind of looks like AI to my eyes because I'm a marketer, but probably to like the the 40 year olds, it doesn't really look AI. Anyways, if you read through all these comments, like people are like really reacting on this like they really believe uh what this post is saying. They really are in pain. So read all these comments. And so the basic learnings that I would make over here is make it authentic. Uh keep it very very uh real and raw. Um

[00:14:11 - 00:15:07] one uh observation that I made is that there's a clear before and after. So this is kind of like this is actually one image. Um it's one image uh just into one before and afters. So you see what it was before, you see what it can become after. And then of course transformational story and then it links to a sales page. Very very simple something that I would test. Easy learnings in this case. In this case let's take a look at this uh this video over here uh and then we can wrap it up.

[00:14:39 - 00:15:24] fatty acids. LC carnitine. >> So, this >> I hate cardio. So, I found a way to >> this ad has been running for a while. So, great hook. I hate cardio. Uh, a lot of people hate cardio. I hate cardio, for example. So, let's take a look at the rest of the video. >> Lose fat faster without doing it. [music] Here's how the app I hate cardio. So, I found a way to lose fat faster without doing it. >> This is a very strong hook because this is a a pain point that basically

[00:15:02 - 00:15:56] everybody is dealing with. Everybody hates cardio, right? And they want to lose fat without doing cardio. So, good hook. >> Here's how the average person needs to burn 3,500 calories to lose one [music] pound of fat at 300. >> I love this opening because it's explaining how difficult it is to just lose not a lot. Basically, half a kilo or whatever, one pound, which is nothing, and you need to do 12 hours of of cardio. And one other thing that I like about this opening is that it's

[00:15:28 - 00:16:32] showing people on a treadmill what they don't want to do and go through and also kind of like showing fat and an overweight person um and silling through the uh through the the pain. And so one thing that they're doing very very well very very well across all of this video is that they are extremely good at showing um the or connecting the visual to the script. You see cellulitis, you know, you see, you know, uh, the fat burning, right? You see amino acids, you see a bunch of different scientific or

[00:16:01 - 00:16:46] like, you know, I I forgot what they're called, like infograph visual info video infographics. I'm not sure what they're called. Visuals of people on a on a scale. So, let's just go through the video again. >> The average person needs to burn 3,500 [music] calories to lose one pound of fat at 300 to 400 calories per hour of cardio. That's almost 12 hours of cardio just to lose one pound. Bad news if you hate cardio. like >> once again stressing the the fact >> but here's the breakthrough. Scientists

[00:16:24 - 00:17:18] discovered a way to mimic the [music] fat burning effects of cardio. >> So one thing that I like about this statement and once again an observation that I would make as I break down this video is that it's scientific. In many cases when marketers uh automatically say a statement to a consumer, they don't get it well unless it's backed by an authority figure or a customer him or herself, right? Or as I did a video yesterday about it, unbiased opinions. So in this case, it's unbiased because

[00:16:50 - 00:17:36] it's coming from a scientist, right? So I like that a lot >> without pounding the treadmill. [music] Sounds like magic, but here's the science behind. This is burn 20. One delicious liquid shot delivers 500 milligrams of MBurn, [music] 10 of Calory Burn, 2,000 of Lcarnitine, and 25 of GBB. MBurn is actually BBA, a molecule. >> I like that within the name naming convention, there's burn, which is very good to have because people want to burn fat. >> Your body naturally produces when you

[00:17:13 - 00:17:56] exercise. It's well known because clinical doses mimic the effects of cardio. In [music] fact, studies show that 500 milligrams works like doing a 45minute cardio session. >> It's comparing automatically what if you get 500 milligrams. That's basically every single time you get this supplement or whatever it is, this burning fat burning supplement. It's like doing 45 minutes scientifically speaking. It's like doing 45 minutes of cardio, which is like, wow, I want this,

[00:17:35 - 00:18:26] right? >> Signaling your body to convert fat from your >> I like the visuals. >> Trouble zones like tummy, back, or thighs into energy. While MBurn is busy burning fatty acids, Lcarnitine and GBB are the key. This is most likely an ad that is going towards 20 to 30 year olds because it's fast-paced. It's kind of fast. Um there's a fast environment with the visuals. It's like a mini VSSL, right? Um but yeah, an observation over the years, I've noticed that typically

[00:18:00 - 00:18:49] older women like slower videos, uh less flashier, you know, fast VSSL types of videos. So, they're probably their target audiences on the lower age side. >> Amino acids your body is using to transport that fat into your [music] cells to successfully be burned and used as energy. And chloroburn GP is 100% aphroam melata extract. 10 milligram doses switches on thermogenesis, your body's natural heat [music] engine that increases sweats and metabolic rate by 400%, flipping your body into fat

[00:18:25 - 00:19:13] burning mode, even at rest. The average person loses 4.59 lbs of [music] pure body fat just by taking one delicious shot daily. There >> so it's giving a reasonable likelihood of achievement. Not necessarily likelihood of achievement, but it's telling people, hey, if you consume this, I forgot what it said, like once a day for 2 weeks, you lose like 5 lbs on average. So it's realistic. It's achievable and and yeah, this is what the customers are seeing. Whatever >> result, skip hours of cardio or double

[00:18:49 - 00:19:40] the fat loss results from every [music] workout. But don't just take my word for it. Check this out. >> I look down and I This is a you know, a proof section. It doesn't work only for me. It also works for >> couldn't see my private parts. That was all it took. I was about 297. Now I'm down to 217. [music] A little burn. It's going to stretch you and stretch you quick. >> I shredded 40 lbs in. So these are really like in some cases when you ask for UGC in most cases they're just going

[00:19:14 - 00:20:05] to be kind of shitty honestly. So you have to be good at finding authentic people or people are just good at at bringing you through their story. And if they don't have a story, they and they have to fake it, whatever. I mean, they have to be good at telling stories cuz stories sell. Authenticity sells, right? So this is these are all very authentic and real stories. >> 8 months. >> Uh using Alpha Lion products for about 8 months now. Started off with the Burn 2. I've tried all the flavors, but by far

[00:19:40 - 00:20:33] my favorite is the [music] fiery punch. Over 131,000 people have experienced this exact transformation. It's called Burn 2 and you can get yours today at 62% off with free shipping and a 365day money back guarantee. Click the >> So 365day money back guarantee that it's also a great risk reversal. Not many companies have that. Typically that's 30 days. So yeah, it's it's they definitely have more leverage over all of their competition just by having that claim. So overall, you know, you get the point.

[00:20:07 - 00:20:53] I'm not going to do this uh this learning style for this ad again. You get the point. But it's really really important that you take your time to read through uh go through the ad, transcribe it, understand it, create similar scripts for your own brand, but also as you do that, just start taking notes and and writing observations. Once again, I'll let you know when the tool when my tool is released because we're using it internally at our own agency uh because it's saving a lot of time for

[00:20:29 - 00:21:14] the creative strategists. But um you know, even regardless of this tool or even if there's another tool out there, like do these by yourself as well. It's good for you. It's a good exercise. Okay, that is it for this video. If you are a brand doing at least $100,000 a month and you want to explore the opportunity to partner with us so that you can maybe grow whether your goal is 500k a month, a million a month, three, four, $5 million a month, we have experience working with 8 figureure

[00:20:52 - 00:21:10] brands. Okay, so you can book a call in the first link down below and we can have a chat about it. See you there and definitely see you hopefully in the next video. Bye.
