Most beginners running Facebook ads in 2026 are burning money. They boost a random product post. They throw $50 to $200 at it. They stack 20 interest hoping that one of them hits. And then when the ad flops, they blame the algorithm. And trust me, I've been there before. So in this video, I'm going to be giving you the full Facebook ads tutorial for 2026. That's going to be step by step. So, if you're running an e-commerce brand or a drop shipping store, this is going to be the tutorial

that you're going to want to watch when you run your next Facebook ad. Now, before we get into the video, guys, there is a like goal of a,000 likes, and that shows me that you guys enjoy these videos, value them, and also appreciate them. So, make sure you destroy the like button. Let's hit the like goal so we can all crush it together in 2026. And there's also going to be the link to the Myro board in the pin comment and in the description so you guys can follow along. So, as you guys can see on my

computer screen, I'm inside of this comprehensive Myra board that we created. And this is going to be the full step-by-step guide on how to run Facebook ads the right way in 2026. And just to give you a heads up, Facebook ads, the actual strategy starts before you even run the ad. So, that is one of the key elements that I'll be going over a little bit later on. People just assume that the Facebook ads part is the crucial part, but the truth is it's actually the least important part. the

process before is actually the most important. Now, before I get on to that guys, I want to explain how does the Facebook ads platform actually work. Now, if you don't understand this guys, then running Facebook ads won't make sense and I wouldn't recommend doing it. So, I'd recommend that you understand how it actually works as a platform first before you even carry on. The Facebook ad system is a huge AI powered matching engine that connects advertisers who want attention for their

product or service. In our case, it's a product and users who are most likely to respond to that advert. It does this a billion times per day in just a few milliseconds. So, how it works is step number one, you as the advertiser creates an ad. Facebook AI enters the auction. Now, this is an auction platform, guys. You have to bid to get seen. Each ad competes based on three things: bid, estimated action rate, and ad quality. So, how much are you willing to pay? How likely is the person to take

action on what they see? And how relevant is the ad to the user? And these are the three most important things when it comes to running Facebook ads. The bid, the attention rate, and the ad quality. Now, the bid is obviously what you're paying. The attention rate is your creative, the video or the image you show to the user. And the ad quality is how relevant is it to the person that Facebook's showing it to. Now, if you can do all of these three things right, you're going to make a lot of money. Then step three is the

AI learns from the user's behavior. So, did they click and watch? Did they like it? Did they scroll past your ad? Did they buy from it? Did they fill out a form? That will depend on the AI's behavior. Then the AI will learn from that behavior. Facebook tracks the data anonymously and feeds it back into the AI system. The AI system then learns which people are most likely to take action going forward. So, who are the new people from that ad that they'll show it to to take action from?

Facebook's goal is to basically copy and repeat that successful transition again and again and again. And the way it does it, guys, is based on an AI algorithm. Now, there was a huge update to Facebook very recently in 2025 called the Andromeda update. And that basically takes what I've just explained to you to another level. Facebook essentially only cares really what you show the user in terms of the video also the experience the user gets when they go to whatever you're pushing them to. So if it's a

product page, a website, a landing page, they also care about how good that quality is on the other side. So essentially your creative and your landing page are the two essentials for you to be successful. Now, before I carry on with the step-by-step guide, I want to show you guys the product that I'm going to be using as the example throughout this Facebook ads tutorial so it all makes sense when you follow along. Now, I'm going to be selling this long hip leg heated pad that's designed

to help you with hip problems, leg problems. This is designed for an older age market. Now, I'm selling this to an older age market. So, an age from, let's say, 40 to 65 is my target audience for this product, and that's who I'm selling the product to. Now, the reason why I'm telling you guys all this information is so that when I show you my creatives and how I run the ads, it will all make sense. And this should now start getting you guys into that moment of thinking, who is my product for and who am I

selling it to? Because if you don't know that right now, then you've got serious problems. If you don't know who your target audience is and who you're selling this to, and it needs to be quite niched, then you've got serious problems. Now, I could technically sell this product to absolutely everyone. Anyone could technically get benefit from this hip/ leg massager, but essentially the older age market is more likely to because they suffer from, you know, tight waist, tight hips,

arthritis, that is more making sense to this product. Now, the reason why I'm telling you all this right now is so that when I go over the creatives later, it will then sync together. So, guys, before I move into the next part of today's video, I wanted to make a huge announcement. I've just reopened in over one year my one-on-one mentorships. You guys now have the chance again to work with me and my team on your drop shipping or e-commerce store on a one-to-one basis. This isn't group

mentoring. This isn't a Discord group. This is just the best style which is one- on-one mentoring. This is very exclusive and very limited to the next 20 people. If you want to apply for it, there'll be a link in the description. Now, don't apply for it if you're not serious. If you're not willing to invest in yourself, don't waste your time. Only apply if you're willing to invest in yourself and you're serious about e-commerce and drop shipping. Now, you can apply as a complete beginner and you

can also apply as a professional. With that being said, guys, let's get back to the video. So, with all of that out of the way, guys, let's get straight into the account setup for Facebook ads. Now, this will all start from the very, very beginning, which is your Facebook account. I'm on about your profile or your personal account because how Facebook ads work is it connects your personal account to your business manager or your business suite. Now, the reason why this is extremely important

is because if you get this wrong at the start, trust me when I say this, later down the line, you're going to have headaches with Facebook ads. You're going to have ad account bans. You're going to have things like verification pop-ups that disable your account. So, it's best to get this done correctly before we move on. You want to have a smooth, seamless transaction with Facebook without having any inconveniences. So, it's best to get this done correctly now before we carry

on. Now, if you're watching this thinking, "Well, I've already done this, so I don't need to listen again." You probably are going to want to listen because you've probably missed one of the crucial things out that I'm about to mention. So, the personal Facebook account that you're going to use to create what we call a business manager, you're going to want to make sure that that personal account is registered to a real name. So, it shouldn't be some random name because when you connect

that to Facebook, they're going to want you to verify that that personal account connected to the business manager is real. Now, once you've got that personal profile on Facebook that matches what I've just explained to you, you can then go and create a business manager account with that Facebook account. And then once you've got that Facebook personal profile that you're confident with, you can then head over to business manager by Facebook or Meta and create that account. Now, the business manager or

meta business manager account is essentially where you run your Facebook ads. And again, like I said, you need a personal account that then links to the business manager account. To show you guys an example of this, I'm inside of my ads manager. I'm inside of my business manager, whatever Facebook wants to call it. It can get very confusing. And you can see here that I've got my personal account. And attach that personal account, I've got my business portfolios or my business accounts. But like I said to you guys

before, you cannot have one and nothing. You have to have both of them for this to work. So guys, once you've created your business manager, you will then have a business account created within the business manager. And you'll see underneath business information users. Now, this is where you can add people. Now, obviously, you're already going to be added on there because you're the personal account profile that created the business. Now, I'd actually recommend that you add a backup person

to this account because sometimes you might have an issue where your account gets disabled. Sometimes there's a algorithm mistake and it will ban you. So, it's always good to have somebody else active in the account just in case you need to make changes. How are you going to make changes if that one account on that account can't access it? So, always add a second user. And again, the second user you add should be somebody with a valid Facebook account. The same rules apply, guys. Don't just

add some random account. Add somebody that you trust, you know, that has a verified personal profile, meaning their first name, last name matches their profile and their passport or driving license, so that you can add them on here just in case your account gets logged out, locked out, or there's an algorithm issue that locks you out of it. Now, you're also going to want to make sure that 2FA is enabled on every user, and it's mandatory for users to access this account. They have 2FA

turned on. Facebook usually prompts you to do it all the time. And it's not mandatory, but you should be doing it because people have been getting hacked. Their accounts get spent, so they spend the whole budget. You've lost $10,000, $5,000. It's not worth it. It's very unlikely to happen, guys, but it's still important to have 2FA on. Then you're going to see pages, and this is where you're going to connect your Facebook page. If you've not already got one, guys, you're going to want to go back to

your Facebook account, your personal account. Go on there, click create page. When you've accessed your usual Facebook account where you can make a post, you can message your user. You're going to want to create a page, call it your company name, upload your logo, upload a banner. You're going to want to make a few posts on there as well. Maybe post three or four things on there. They could be simple blogs. Get AI to write a blog for you. That way, the page being a little bit active will help from it

getting banned. Once you've done all that, guys, you're going to want to add page. All you got to do is click add page. Add from existing Facebook page. You search for the page. Obviously, because your personal account is connected to this, it will find the pages you've made on your personal account and then you can connect it here. And then once you're connected here, guys, you're going to see connected assets, partners, and people. You're just going to want to make sure

that you've got access to this, which you should have. Now, the next important part is ad accounts. Now, ad accounts is essentially the account that runs ad on that business manager. Now, I know Facebook's made this very complicated with all these different types of accounts, but your ad account is the thing that will then control your ads manager, the spending, the creation. Now, you're going to want to create your first ad account. You're going to want to name these based on what makes sense

to you. So, if it's going to be you and your business partner running ads from that account, call it your names. If it's going to be the company name, call it that. Now, when you create an ad account, you're going to want to make sure the time zone is your time zone that you're living in. You're going to also want to make sure you've got people on those. Now, like I said to you before, you're going to want to add an extra person to your business manager. You're actually going to want to add

those people to that ad account as well because you got to make sure that that person can access that ad account as well. Because again, if you were to get issues with your account being banned from Facebook and accessing this, at least they can get into your ad accounts on their other profile and make changes. So, you can see here this ad account's got three people on it. That way, at least one of us can always access that account. Now, you need one ad account to be able to make ads on Facebook. Now, I

do recommend if Facebook allows you to do this to make multiple ad accounts just because if one gets banned or disabled basically because there's an algorithm glitch, you've got another one that you can use. So, you can see here I've actually got four ad accounts, but as long as you've got three or at least one, you're good to go. Then, the next thing that you're going to see, guys, is data and sources. And the most important one is database and pixel. [snorts] And the other one is cataloges. These are

the two important things in this section. Now cataloges is where you can import your Shopify catalog into Facebook. And pixels is basically the tracking brain that tracks all behavior across your ads. People watching your ads going to your website. All of that is tracked through the pixel. Now the good thing is most of you guys, if not all of you guys should be using Shopify. So Shopify have made an integration between Facebook and Shopify super easy. So when you go on to Shopify, you can download on the app store the Meta or

Facebook app sales channel. When you integrate these together, you'll go through a process of logging into your Facebook account on Shopify, then connecting your business manager. And I'd recommend that you do this stage once you've done your ad accounts, you've filled out your pages. Don't do this section till you've done all of that. Because when you go through the step-by-step sections on Shopify, if you've not set up all your pages, all your people or your accounts, they won't

show. So essentially, you're going through a step-by-step guide and you can't do it because you've not set it up in Facebook. So make sure it's all done on Facebook first, then you go on to Shopify, then you go for the step-by-step guide because then you can just click on the drop-own menus, your profile, your page, your ad account, and then click sync. and then that will create a pixel and connect it to Shopify. Now the last thing that I want to go over guys is billing and payments.

This is very very important. Now the reason why billing and payments is important because this is how you're going to fund to spend money on your ad accounts. Now my best recommendation for this guys is to add a credit card as your billing method. Don't use PayPal because PayPal has always had issues on Facebook. So I'd recommend not using it. using a credit card because you've got insurance through your credit card. If something goes wrong, let's say Facebook spends money when it shouldn't be, you

can try and claim it back through your credit card company. There's been loads of times where Facebook goes down because their hosting goes down, you've spent $200 because Facebook's down. Facebook will sometimes give you the money back, sometimes they won't. You can dispute it with your credit card company. Now, these are very rare cases, but it just makes sure that you don't lose money. And most credit cards give you points for every dollar you spend. And because with Facebook, you're going

to be spending quite a bit of money. You're going to want to make sure you get rewarded for it. Now, that's not to say you should be spending money you don't have or can't afford to spend. If that is you, then use a debit card. Don't be using a credit card. But for you guys that have got big DTOC brands, you're already very well established in this industry, credit cards are the best option. If you're a beginner, I'd probably say stick to a debit card. Only spend what you have. All right, guys.

We're going to create our first campaign together the right way. So, you're going to want to go over to where it says create in this green button. Don't worry, I'm going to explain what campaign adsets and ads means later on. But what we're essentially going to do is we're going to hit the create button. Then what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to change this to sales because we want sales on our website. Then we're going to click continue. You're going to change the

name of the campaign to your product name. So, I've called it heated hip test one. Again, the naming is important because later down the line when it comes to navigating through different campaigns. If you've named them correctly, it's going to be easy for you to understand it. Now, where it says advantage plus catalog ads, we're going to turn that off. We're not going to have that on. And then where it says bid strategy, we're going to have campaign budget. This is classed as CBO. You've

got adset budget. You got CBO. So, you we call this and we call this CBO. CBO means that the campaign spends the budget over all the assets like the adsets and adsets mean that you give a budget per adset. Now, a campaign is the main structure. Within a campaign, you've got an ad set. The adset is the targeting, the people you want to hit, and then the ad is the visual they see. Now, the ad set is what controls the spending. If you have adset budget on, you can set it as a fixed budget. Now,

with campaign budget, Facebook's AI will work out where it's best being spent. Is it ads set one? Is it ads set two? Is it ads set three? And spend it efficiently. So that's why we want this one turned on. Now, we're going to change the budget to $100, which means over our campaign each day, it's going to spend around about $100. Now, if that is too expensive for you, you can go down to $50, but it does mean the results will slightly be worse because there's less money to bid. Now, if you're in a very

low niche market, competitive market, you might be able to get away with $50. Now, on a new account, I usually test $50 to $100 out. So, there's no issues trying 50. But in most cases, guys, I do have to go in at $100 to get results. So, that's why I've set mine to 100. Then, you're going to see campaign bid strategy. You don't need to worry about this for now, guys. Leave it as highest volume. Then, you guys can click next. Now, the name we're going to call this, guys, is angle one ads set one. Now, to

make this make sense for you guys, in 2026, you don't need to be doing the targeting. You leave the whole ad set broad. You let Facebook determine this based on the video that you give Facebook. So that's why we call it angle one, ads set one. Now you might be thinking, why is it called angle one? Because this is going to be the angle one that we use to try and sell our product to our customer. Now if this doesn't make sense just yet, guys, don't worry. When we get into the ad level, it

will make a lot more sense. But for now, guys, you're going to want to call it angle one, ad set one, conversion location, website, maximum number of conversions. Now the data set is the pixel essentially. So this is going to show you the pixels that you've made. Now when you integrated this with Shopify through the Facebook sales channel, it would have made you one. So you just want to select the one that you made. And then it says attribution model. You're going to want to leave it

as standard. Then you're going to see start date. You're going to want to make sure that this is the next day midnight. So the following day at midnight that it starts. Now today is technically the 12th. So I'm going to want to change this to the 13th. And I'm going to want it to start at midnight. You don't need to start an end date. You don't need that. Then you're going to see here, guys, audience. And this is where you want to set locations. So, you do want to set locations. At the moment, I've

got United Kingdom. Now, the locations that I like to do right now is the top five. So, United Kingdom, United States, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. Now, once you've got those top five in there, that is okay to carry on. Now, there is a case where you can add what we call the top 15. This is where you start adding EU countries, the big EU countries in there. That could be Switzerland, Germany, Netherlands. Now, it's up to you what you want to do. Now, if your product could be sold very well

in Europe, and if you're not sure if it could, you can ask AI to give it your opinions. You could ask GBT, does my product sell well in the EU? If it does, which countries, figure those out, add them in. But usually, it's going to be the US, the UK, and Canada that are going to be your biggest performers. Now again, there are products that do extremely well in EU, but that's where you need to choose with AI whether or not it's told you it can do well based on statistical data. If it can, I'd

recommend adding up to 15 countries. I wouldn't recommend going over 15 countries. The sweet spot is 5 to 10, but if your product really does well in the EU countries, then add those ones in there. But in the Myro board, guys, I have listed out all the countries that work really well for us, so I'll just leave them in there. But for now, guys, I'm just going to start with the top five countries. And then you're going to see placements, guys. Placements, just leave that all up to Facebook to decide

which one's going to work well. And then you can click next. Now, for the ad name, guys, you're going to want to call this creative one. Now, this is where these angle ones and creative ones will need to be explained to you guys for it all to make sense. Now, let me switch back over to my myro board to give you guys a better example of how this is going to work. So, essentially, this is our campaign framework. We've got our $100 CBO here. We've just created our angle one ads set one. And then we've

just started our creative one. Now eventually we're going to duplicate that twice to get three in total. So we're going to have one, two, and three. But let me explain how this works. This angle one, creative one, creative two. Now, every product essentially has different angles that you could sell to the audience. So let's say for example with my heated waist, hip, leg massager for the elderly people. Now, this could be good for people, and this is an angle. For example, angle one could be

people that have just had hip surgery. So, angle one here could be hip surgery. So, I could literally come in here and type in hip surgery. I could basically go back to Facebook, come here, delete angle one because it's not needed. That's just a placeholder to tell me. And I can call this one hip surgery. So, then that way I know that the creatives that I put within this campaign are going to be related to hip surgery. So, the video is going to talk about it. The ad copy is going to talk about it and

the call to action is going to talk about it. So all the creatives that I put in here are essentially going to mention hip surgery as the reason why they should buy the product. So then later on when we do angle two, angle two could be for people that are struggling to walk. They're losing their confidence. They don't feel like they're them same. So this could be angle two confidence. So everything that I mention in the video or the copy will be to do with them losing their confidence, not

feeling the same, feeling low. That could be angle number two. Now angle number three could be towards pregnant women. Women that have just recently given birth and they're struggling because they feel fatigue within their hips, their legs. That could be angle number three. So essentially what I'm explaining to you guys is every product has different ways to sell to an audience. And this is where you have to come into play and decide which angles can be made for your product. And in the

intro, I said to you guys that essentially all the hard work's done before the Facebook ads. It's actually done in the background, not in the Facebook ads. And this is why I'm explaining it to you now. And if you're watching this thinking, "Oh, this is too much work, too much effort. I haven't got time to do this." Then essentially, your Facebook ads are going to fail. So, if you skip this hard work, by the way, there's no point running Facebook ads because with the new Andromeda update,

and I made a video about it, if you don't stick to this policy of creating ads like this, although, yes, it's a lot of hard work because essentially you have to create three different videos for angle number one, three different videos for angle number two. Now, technically, you could just change the first 5 seconds of every video, but you have to do it like this. This is what Facebook wants. This is what Facebook's algorithm wants. If you don't give it this, your ads will flop. you won't get

any sales. Now, if you do follow this strategy, you're going to make Facebook happy. They're going to make you happy. Now, what I'm going to do to show you guys some examples on the screen is I'm going to play some video ads that I made for my product and show you just three angles. So, I'm going to play three different videos. Although, we got five in this campaign. I'm just going to show you three so you get an idea of what I'm talking about. So, I'm going to play

each video on the screen and I'm also going to title which angle they're for. >> Can't sit 10 minutes [music] without that deep hip ache flaring. That ache that starts in your hip and runs down your thigh turns simple moments into careful ones. Getting up for coffee becomes a slow process. Chairs, car rides, even the doorbell start to [music] feel like decisions. You remember when you could sit through a movie without shifting and walk with confidence. Lately, you're gripping

railings, avoiding [music] stairs, and skipping plans because sitting feels unpredictable. You've tried pills, appointments, and gadgets that don't fit your life. That's why we created Hip Relief [music] Pro, a cordless, wearable wrap that pairs soothing warmth with gentle massage. Use it while you relax at home. With consistent daily sessions, many users say they feel looser and everyday movement feels easier. Look what our customers are saying. >> I literally couldn't walk 10 minutes

without hip pain. I wore it for 20 minutes a day and now I'm walking my dog and taking stairs without thinking about it. Best decision I've made. Don't wait. >> Unlike [snorts] wired pads that [music] keep you stuck or stiff braces that just add bulk, Hip Relief Pro moves with you so comfort becomes part of your routine. Sit through dinner with fewer adjustments. [music] Take short walks with more confidence. And sleep more comfortably. Try it at home with our 30-day money back

guarantee and free shipping. Tap shop now and make [music] comfort part of your day. Recovering from hip surgery and still planning each step. That dull, [music] constant ache that lives in your hip and radiates down your thigh, turning simple moments into painful reminders. Getting [music] up to make coffee becomes a slow, careful process. Walking to answer the door requires planning [music] your route. You remember when you could jump up from the couch without thinking twice. When getting dressed didn't require sitting

down and [music] strategizing. You used to move through your day without your body being the first thing on your mind. Now you find yourself gripping railings, avoiding stairs, and becoming a spectator to your own life. The worst part is feeling like you're becoming a burden to those you love. You've tried everything. Pills that upset your stomach, physical therapy that barely helped. Surgery feels too scary and risky. [music] Nothing gives you lasting comfort, and you're starting to wonder

if this is just your new reality. That's why [music] we created Hip Relief Pro. Here's what makes it different from everything else you've tried. Most treatments only address surface [music] symptoms. Hip Relief Pro works on the actual problem. Hip discomfort comes from restricted circulation and muscle [music] tension deep in the tissue. Our device combines therapeutic warmth with targeted vibration to support natural circulation [music] while helping relax tight muscles. This dual approach works on the underlying

issues that cause [music] stiffness and discomfort. Unlike heating pads that tether you to the wall or bulky braces that only provide support, Hip Relief [music] Pro gives you complete freedom of movement while addressing the source of your discomfort. This means you can wake up feeling more comfortable. Walk to get your mail with confidence. Cook dinner without needing breaks. Spend time with your grandchildren without hesitation. Garden without worry. Feel like yourself again instead of someone

limited by discomfort. Just wrap it around your hip, press one button, and go about your normal routine. Experience Hip Relief Pro risk-free with our 30-day money back guarantee. If you're not completely satisfied, return it for a full refund. Right now, save [music] 40% plus receive two bonus free gifts. This is what our customers are currently saying. >> I literally couldn't walk 10 minutes without hip pain. I wore it for 20 minutes a day and now I'm walking my dog and taking stairs without thinking about

it. Best decision I've made. Don't wait. >> Join over 8,000 customers who've discovered the comfort that comes from supporting your body's natural healing. Claim your hip relief pro today while this limited time offer is available. Weeks after your hip replacement and evenings are still uncomfortable. That [music] dull, constant ache that lives in your hip and radiates down your thigh, turning simple [music] moments into painful reminders. Getting up to make coffee becomes a slow, careful

process. Walking to answer the door requires planning your [music] route. You remember when you could jump up from the couch without thinking twice. When getting dressed didn't require sitting down and strategizing. [music] You used to move through your day without your body being the first thing on your mind. Now you find yourself gripping railings, avoiding stairs, and becoming a spectator to your own life. The worst part is feeling like you're becoming a burden to those you love. You've [music]

tried everything. Pills that upset your stomach, physical therapy that barely helped. Surgery feels too scary and risky. Nothing gives you lasting comfort, and you're starting to wonder if this [music] is just your new reality. That's why we created Hip Relief Pro. Here's what makes it different from everything else you've tried. Most treatments only address [music] surface symptoms. Hip Relief Pro works on the actual problem. Hip discomfort comes from restricted circulation and muscle [music] tension

deep in the tissue. Our device combines therapeutic warmth with targeted vibration to support natural circulation [music] while helping relax tight muscles. This dual approach works on the underlying issues that [music] cause stiffness and discomfort. Unlike heating pads that tether you to the wall or bulky braces that only provide support, Hip Relief [music] Pro gives you complete freedom of movement while addressing the source of your discomfort. This means you can wake up feeling more comfortable. Walk

to get your mail with confidence. Cook dinner without needing breaks. Spend time with your grandchildren without hesitation. Garden without worry. Feel like yourself again instead of someone limited by discomfort. Just wrap it around your hip, press one button, and go [clears throat] about your normal routine. Experience Hip Relief Pro risk-free with our 30-day money back guarantee. If you're not completely satisfied, return it for a full refund. Right now, save 40% plus receive two bonus free gifts. This is what our

customers are currently saying. >> I literally couldn't walk 10 minutes without hip pain. I wore it for 20 minutes a day and now I'm walking my dog and taking stairs without thinking about it. Best decision I've made. Don't wait. >> Join over 8,000 customers [music] who've discovered the comfort that comes from supporting your body's natural healing. Claim your Hip Relief Pro today while this limited time offer is available. So, now you guys have seen the different

angles that I've made for my product. You get an idea of what I'm trying to explain. Now, if you don't know how to do this or you're struggling to figure out how to do this, I have made a video about how to create video ads and explain different angles of marketing psychology. So, you can do that. And as well, I've also given you guys in the myro board. I'm not actually going to go over it today because it'll make this video way too long, but I have added it in here. And it talks about marketing

psychology. You can see all here. Marketing psychology. I'd recommend that you read all of this documentation that I've given you guys cuz I've put so much effort into this myra board to help you guys make as much money as possible. So, make sure you guys read this because it will give you the golden nuggets on how to do this, right? But if you want to watch a video where I've shown you how to do it in terms of creating the video with AI like I did, those videos were all made with AI, by the way. Then I'll

leave a link to that video in the description, so you can learn how to make video ads that suit different angles. Now, once you've got those creatives, you need to remember that each angle needs three creatives. So angle number one for me is hip replacement. So I need to create three different video ads that talk about hip replacement. Again, it can just be the first 5 seconds or I can totally change it up. It depends how much time you've got. Usually, I just change the hook. The hook is the first 3 to 5 seconds. I

just change that in each creative that I do for each angle. So, it's as simple as that. So, now what we're going to do is we're going to scroll down, select our Facebook page. Scroll down. You're going to click manual upload, single image or video. You're then going to put your website URL in here, guys. Make sure it's not the homepage, it's the landing page of where they're going to be buying the product. Make sure you add it in here. Then once you've added in your

website URL for the landing page, you're going to scroll down to where it says setup creative. You're going to click video ad. You're then going to click next. This is where you're going to upload your videos. So I've got my video here. Then once your video is uploaded, guys, you can click next. Then you've got something called the primary text, the headline, and the description, and the call to action. Now, all of this needs to match whatever it is for the angle you're doing. Now, because mine's

angle one, it's all about hip replacement or hip surgery. This needs to be talking about those issues and how my product can fix it. Now, the easiest way to do this, guys, is simply by using AI. Now, I gave it this prompt. I need you to make me a Facebook ad copy headline for my product. Now, if your website or landing page is not very good, then the info you're giving the AI is going to be terrible. So, make sure your website is up to scratch or the info the AI will make is not going to be

great. Now, if you don't have a good website, then that's a serious problem. So, you need to fix that. But, if it is good, then it will take that info and put it into some really good copies. Now, it's important that that you say to it that you're talking about a certain angle. I put it's important that we talk about how it helps with hip surgery recovery. As this is the main point I'm making in this ad, and you can see here, it's made me some Facebook ad headlines. Recover faster after hip surgery with

target relief. Say goodbye to hip surgery, swelling, and scar tissue from home. Heal smarter post up hip surgery. Now, my favorite one, guys, from here is probably number two. So, I'm going to copy this. Go back here, guys. Go to my headline and paste that in. Now, the good thing is you can actually test multiple headlines. Now, I actually like to test three per ad. So, I'm going to make two more. So, I'm just going to copy those in and add them in. So, as you guys can see, I've got my three

headlines here. Now, we can move back to the primary text. Now, we're only going to be doing one primary text now. So, we're going to want to read these. So, option one, recover faster after hip surgery with the roller, a vibrating lymphatic massaging tool. Now, I actually asked the AI to redo the ad copies because I said you need to add a call to action like buy now, redeem your free video gift to help you recover faster. Now, my offer will be that they get a free video with every purchase.

So, I basically made a video with AI, how to recover faster from home. I literally just got AI to write a video script. I also then got AI to make a video avatar. Then I got AI to make a video of somebody talking about how to fix it, like a doctor. So, I got an AI doctor avatar to do it. and I basically made a video that's literally a few minutes long explaining how to recover faster. Now, I could turn it easily into a 10- 20 minute video, but just to save a little bit of time, that's what I've

done. Now, it's important that you've got a strong offer like that because that's what's going to help you with your conversion rate. So, if you don't have a strong offer like this, guys, then you're going to struggle to get conversions. So, you can see now it says here, "Recover faster from hip surgery from home with the roller helps reduce swelling, support lymphatic drainage, and improve comfort during post recovery. buy now to redeem your free at home recovery video to help you recover

and move better and faster. So, I'm going to copy that, go back to my Facebook ads, and I'm going to paste that in. And then you're going to see description, guys. This is where I usually put free track shipping. And then the call to action, I'm going to put as shop now. Now, once you've done that, guys, you can click next. And then you're going to see the enhancement option. Now, you're just going to click done. And then on the right hand side, guys, you're going to see a preview of

your ad. So, you can click advanced preview. And this will show you what it looks like on all platforms. So you can see what this is going to look like on all platforms. Now, Facebook's decided to add a catalog as well. So we can turn that off. So if you scroll all the way down now, if you're seeing site links in your ads, so you can see here there's a few site links being shown. You can turn those off. So all you got to do is click edit where it says creative setup. Where it says here it's pulled it from the

URL. We can just click off and click save. And then once you've done that, guys, it will turn all of that off in the bottom. So you can see now there's no more site links, there's no cataloges, there's no carousels. They've all been turned off. Now you're also going to see Facebook's AI trying to help you here, guys. You can see Advantage Plus Creative. Don't worry, although it shows these, it doesn't mean it's going to use them. These are just basically their options. Now, you can

use them if you want. It's down to you. They're not bad, but I'm just saying you don't need to worry. They're not being used. And once you've done that, guys, that's the first creative done. You're obviously going to want to check to make sure you're happy with it. Now, the last thing that you're going to want to change is going to edit media, edit video, and thumbnail. This is where you're going to want to manually select a thumbnail where you think it's going

to grab most of the attention. Now, if some of the manual options it gives you aren't very good, you can either upload one or you can just use automatic. Automatic is basically what Facebook's AI think will work the best. Now, I usually like to make the thumbnail a dramatic scene within the video. So, find a dramatic scene within the video, print screen it, and use that as the thumbnail. That's what I usually do. Then once you've done that guys, you can simply go over to where it says creative

one. You're going to hit duplicate. You're going to duplicate this twice and click duplicate. And then what you're going to do is you're going to change creative one copy to creative 2. Then you're going to change creative one copy again to creative three. And then what you're going to do guys in each one of these you're going to change the video. Now the video you're going to change is to the one with the new hook. The hook is the first three to 5 seconds. So make

sure creative 2 has the new video with the new hook. and make sure creative 3 has the new video with the new hook. Now, you don't need to change the ad copy, the headline. You can keep all of those the same as you're split testing them within the creative. We've created three headlines, so we've already got that covered. Then, once you've changed the video to the new hook for each video, remember the whole video is the same, just the first three seconds. You can then duplicate the ad set by

clicking duplicate. You can either duplicate this either four or two times. Now, if you're going to be running three adsets, you're going to obviously duplicate it twice. That's if you're on a $50 budget. If you're running a $100 budget, you're going to duplicate this four times. So that in total, you've got five adsets. So now you can see we've got 1 2 3 4 5. If you're on a $50 budget, you are going to duplicate that twice. So you have one, two, three. Then what you're going to do is where it says

add set hip surgery, copy two, this is where you're going to change this to ad set two. if you already know the angle that you're going to be using. Mine's going to be pregnancy. So, I've changed this now to pregnancy. Now, the adset itself stays the same. So, I'm not touching any of this. I'm just going into the creative and I'm changing these creatives now to the pregnancy related creatives for my product. Then I'm going to simply go over to ads set number three and do the exact same thing. I'm

changing this one to old age. And then I'm going to go to ads set number four. I've changed it to sports injury. And then we've got ads set number five. I'm going to change this one to confidence. And then obviously guys, what I need to do is I need to change all the creatives in these new ones to the angles that best represent them. Now, I'm not going to do it now to save some time because this video is already long. So once I've done that, guys, I can simply click the publish button, but

I'd always recommend that you double check everything before you click publish. Is the URL correct to the website you're sending it to, the landing page? Are the creatives the right ones for the angle? Is the campaign structure correct in terms of $100? Starts midnight the next day. Once you've double checked, guys, click publish. And then once you've clicked publish, you're going to want to go over to where it says campaigns. And then you should see your new campaign. Mine's

called Hit Brace. You can see it here. If I then select that and go to adsets, I can see all my new adsets. I can see all my new ads that I've made for it. So, I know it's all done correctly. So, guys, now we've made our first Facebook campaign. That should start spending money and running. midnight the following day. So, that's all ready to go. Now, I'm back in the Myro board and we're going to be talking about the next 24 hours, 48 hours. Now, before I do that, I have added a little section here

called creative testing mindset. Now, this basically goes over the angles and the creative testing a little bit more in depth. So, I would recommend that you guys look into this in your spare time. I don't want to take up too much time in this video. So, now let's talk about the next 24 to 48 hours after we launch our campaign. Now, you do not want to touch this campaign within the 24hour to 48 hour period. You're just going to leave it to run because you got to understand that Facebook's now in the learning

phase mechanics. Facebook needs time to figure out who your buyers are. Every time you make a change, the learning phase resets. So, Facebook has to learn again. So, you're basically spending money for it to try and learn. Then, you're stopping it, then you have to start it again. You're basically throwing money down the drain. Changes that reset the learning is editing the budget, changing the audience, pausing it, or adding or removing creatives. Anything as simple as that will change

the learning phase. This is why it's so important for you to let it run for 24 to 48 hours. Even if the results don't look amazing, it is super important that you let it learn because once you make the change afterwards, at least Facebook knows who you're trying to sell to. Now, there is one reason why you might want to make changes within 24 to 48 hours, but it's only these two rules. You're getting zero impressions, budget issues, or ad rejections. So, if you're having

that issue, then technically, yes, you do need to turn it off. You're spending money with zero link clicks. So, that's obviously something broken. If you're running the ad and it spent like $50 or $80 and you've got zero link clicks, clearly there is an issue. You need to fix it. Whether it be your website URL you entered is not right. This is why I always tell you to check it. So, you do need to have a look. Now, if you're hearing me talk about Facebook metrics and you're not sure where to find these

guys, if you go over to where it says columns, you're going to see columns. You're going to want to go to customize columns and you're going to want to add the columns that I've given you guys in the Myro board. So, if you scroll down, you're going to see all the different columns like CPC, which is cost per click, CTR, link clicks. All of these are the ones that you're going to want to add and they are listed in the myro board and which ones you should have and which order you should have them in.

Like here date created date last edited so that when you view these stats you can see here my link clicks 27 71 75. So I can read all the data correctly. If your columns aren't set up right, then how are you going to read the data? So what should your expectations be within the first 24 to 48 hours? As long as you're not having these two major issues, which is no spending or zero link clicks, your campaign will show learning status within the few days. During this time, CPMs might be higher

than normal cost per metric. Basically, results will fluctuate daytoday, but you don't need to panic. Now, the first 24 hours to 48 hours is usually the time where Facebook spoofs the beginner. So, I call this Facebook spoofing. And Facebook spoofs you in a few different ways. It will either get your emotions very high because you get a sale in the first day and then nothing afterwards. So you get excited and then you lose the excitement or you just get very bad metrics and you feel like you've done

everything wrong. That's the Facebook spoof that it usually does. Now the truth be is don't panic, just let it go on. This is normal. Facebook is testing your ad with different angles and audiences to figure out who converts and who doesn't convert. Early performance signals to watch. So this is what you should be watching out for in the early stages. Impressions. Are you getting impressions? Yes, your ad is being shown. No, check your budget or your ad approval status. CTR, which is

click-through rate. Is your CTR above 1.5%. If yes, your creative is working. If no, your hook is weak. People are adding to cart, yes, your product page is working. If no, your page is confusing, your price is too high, or your offer doesn't make sense. So, this is why I'm saying it's important to have a good product page because if you don't have a good offer where it makes it irresistible for them not to buy it or it's confusing or the landing page doesn't match up with what you're seeing

in the ad. A lot of people make this mistake. Their ad says one thing but then their product page says another thing. If you're telling people that you can help them with after surgery or hip surgery, but then your product page does not mention anywhere about hip surgery, then they're going to be like, "What the hell have I just watched versus what am I seeing on this product page?" So, you need to make sure it's all congruent or it's not going to work. Purchases, are you getting sales? If yes,

congratulations. You may have a winner. If no, after 48 hours, diagnose the problem. How do you diagnose the problem? You look at these metrics. These metrics are simply your CTR. Are you getting link through? Are you getting clicks going to the website? Are you getting people adding to cart but not buying because your page sucks? You need to figure this out. Now, if you do need a second opinion, guys, you can always ask AI. You need to give it context. Maybe give it all this information that I've given you on the

Myro board so that it knows the standards and the procedures so that it can help you. But don't make emotional decisions. Print screen some of your stats. Give it to AI and say, "These are my stats. What do you think?" Don't just let AI tell you because AI will give you random rules. You want to give it the rules that I've given you so you can either copy this information and give it to it so it's a baseline. But you definitely don't want to just randomly ask without any context because AI will

just go crazy and give you some random BS. And the truth is guys, you're probably not going to see good results straight away. You're probably going to have to refine one of these processes. So have that in your expectations. But essentially this is what we call round one. You do this once, this whole process once. You refine it again. After you've run it once is round one, you run it as round two. But round two is with the changes you've made based on this information and statistical data. After

round two, you're still seeing issues that don't look promising. If nothing's progressed, then you kill it. If things look like they're progressing, but you still need to make another refinement, we call it round three. After round three, which is technically running the ads for a whole week, if still no positive signs, I would kill the product and move on. Now, if you are seeing positive signs after refinements and doing different round testing, again, max you can do is three rounds in my

opinion, but three quality rounds, then we can move on to scaling Facebook ads. Now, it's important that you don't scale too early because you'll burn a lot of cash. Consistency benchmarks. You want to wait till you get three to five consecutive days of profitable rorowaz. Rowz is return on ad spend. How much do you spend and how much do you return. So you need to know what your return on ad spend is. What is your rorowaz? What can you spend and what can you lose on the spend? So your rorowaz will tell you if

I make this certain rorowaz I will make x y and z. Now if you're not profitable on the rorowaz level you should never scale. You want to make sure you get at least 6 to five purchases from a single ad. give Facebook enough data. So, you want to make sure one ad has at least six to 12 purchases. That way, Facebook's got enough data to move confident in the future. You want stable CPMs and CPCs. You don't want this to fluctuate too much. Now, if it's during a certain time of the year where it's a

holiday season, yes, that's okay. But if it's not and you're getting really inconsistent stability here, I would not do it. CPM is cost per metric and CPC is cost per click. How much it's costing you to get a click. But at this stage guys, you should know what your metrics mean. You do need to invest in your own time. How to understand your own metrics. Now, the minimum data requirements. You need at least six conversion events before you consider scaling. Why? Because Facebook's

algorithm needs to data to optimize. If you scale six purchases, Facebook doesn't have enough patterns to find more buyers. You're essentially saying, "Hey, Facebook, scale my product." Facebook's then going to try and be like, "Oh, I haven't got enough data. I don't know who to try and give this product to. I don't know who to give the ad to." it then stumbles, you waste loads of money. So here you got two scaling methods. You've got what we call

the vertical scaling methods and we got something called the horizontal scaling methods. So when it comes to vertical scaling, this is where we increase the budget. So vertical scaling is literally increasing your budget on the existing winning campaign. How to do it? Increase the budget by 10 to 20% every 2 to 3 days. You literally just click edit budget in the campaign section and you increase it by 10 to 20%. And you do this every two to three days as long as it stays profitable. Don't double your

budget overnight. Resets the learning phase. So don't do this every night because you're going to reset the learning phase. If you get excited and you see, yes, it's working, it's making more money, do it every day. It's not good. Monitor your rorowaz closely. If it drops, pause the increases. Don't do any more increases. Example, day one, $50 a day, three rorowaz. Day three, increase to $60. Day six increase to $70. Keep going until the rorowaz drops below break even. So essentially you're

increasing your budgets every two to three days till your rorowaz hits the break even point. At that point that's when you know the latest increase was too aggressive. You then downgrade the increase of the budget to the last one where it was profitable on the rorowaz level. Now you've got horizontal scaling. This is where you duplicate angles and countries. So horizontal scaling is expanding reach without increasing budgets on existing campaigns. The methods that you can use is you can duplicate winning adsets into

new campaigns. You can test new creative angles. So I gave you five to start with. You can do 10 then. So you add another five into the mix. Expand to new countries. I showed you guys the top five. So remember I showed you guys at the start to start with the top five countries. US, UK, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. You might now want to make a new campaign, but in that new campaign, you're targeting the EU countries, Netherlands, France, Switzerland. You can start targeting those countries in new campaigns and you

can move over your best angles, your best creatives into those new countries. Test new audiences. So, instead of going broad, now you want to go look alikes. But scaling Facebook ads in 2026 has become a lot more easier because there's less work to do. Essentially, all you need to do is increase budgets if you're vertically scaling, but you need to be smart when you do it and not too aggressive and you need to have discipline when you do it. And horizontal scaling is simply just duplicating what already works. So, like

I said, countries, you can just make new countries that you've not done before. As soon as you've got this down, guys, honestly, this scaling part will just be very easy for you to do. But that's essentially how you run Facebook ads the correct way in 2026. I can't emphasize enough to you guys how important it is to get access to this myo board which will be linked in the description and the pin comment because there's things that I've covered in this myo board that I've not covered in the video today that

goes in depth about how important it is to do market psychology creatives which ones work. I even give you examples of which creatives work really really well so that you guys understand how to do Facebook ads the right way. So, I'd really recommend that you guys spend at least an hour going through this maro board yourself, understanding the documentation because it will make your life so much easier when you run your Facebook ads. Now, if you really appreciate this video, guys, cuz I put so much effort into it, make sure you

destroy that like button. And as soon as we've hit 1,000 likes, I will put a gift in the pin comment. With that being said, guys, I wish you guys the best of luck in 2026 with your ecom brands, your drop shipping stores, with Facebook ads. With that being said, guys, I'll catch you in the next
