Welcome to day number seven of 365 from millions to billions trying to get AI into as many hands as possible. Whether you're a user, you're in the eye business, or you're just curious. And I share on this the good, the bad, the very ugly of running a global AI company. And today, it's been a little rough last few days, but today was amazing. um here in West Palm Beach and literally we spent all morning with Tommy Hilfiger uh legendary fashion designer and he said something that the reality says whether

we like it or not AI is going to take over and in most cases it will be good and of course there are people who are going to use it in a bad way but he gave us an indication of what the future of fashion will be. Well, number one, instead of people kind of going and browsing on Google if they want something or Amazon, they're going to go into AI and then they're going to able to click on some article of clothing. There will be an avatar of us that will be able to be set up and then you're

able going to see yourself wearing every different outfit, walking at the beach, in the forest, in a business setting, and then you'll be able to order it right there. So, I really believe that this is just the beginning of AI. And one thing that really excites me is that chat GPT is now going to become a shopping hub where if you're looking for anything to buy, you could say, "Okay, show me the difference between a Ford truck and a Chevy truck, a Nike and a Converse shoe, a Tommy Hilfiger and a

Ralph Lauren. a Rolex and uh Panerai. Uh you could ask them anything and then you'll be able to go directly to the company from chat GPT to buy whatever you want to buy. And what I think also the future of AI is people will be able to say here are my measurements because the AI will know your measurements and custom clothing but they are going to go directly to um Tommy Hilfiger website as opposed to Amazon which means they're going to keep a higher level of profits. So the name of the game is going to be AIO.

The ability to have whatever company or service you have which used to be SEO on Google AIO. And that is going to be the very big online shopping on AI based on your preferences. And of course, you could probably expect creating the AI employee shoppers that are going to go and uh really go out there and like shop for you, search for deals, search what you're looking, know you better than you know yourself. And that's the exciting part of AI. And he is like like the nicest man you will ever meet. Tommy

Hilfiger. And for a man that's 74 years old, he's always thinking of what's next, what's next, what's next. And there is no question that AI is next. In addition, AI monetization. So, one of the things that we do very well is not only created one of the most powerful business knowledgebased LLMs based on 8,000 hours of how I've done or how I would market branding. And if I was a ninef figureure entrepreneur and I was you in your financial situation, I had to make the decision what would I do? Um

the ability for you to AI your brain. So not only to go access your knowledge base and what you know but also combine that with the AI to see how the way you are what kind of decisions you would make but we also have AI monetization. So, a lot of you or some of you watching this, you have knowledge and imagine creating your own knowledgebased LLM that is combined with the AI so that you can go to a client and uh a business and sell them your brain. And I think that's going to be the big business and we are working on

this on a marketplace where people will be able to create their brain, sell their knowledge base, sell their own AI employee. And so this morning we had a meeting with um a very large sort of accounting trainer and knowledge base and he wants our AI inside his platform to help with the help desk because everything is manual but we're also taking his thousands of hours of content creating a knowledge base separating the knowledge base and what we are going to be doing is being able to sell his

information. And these accountants would be like, "Well, what would this individual do?" And then an idea hit me and I went to my uh AI partner Eric who makes the AI and I said, "Let's upload the entire tax code and let's use his brain and also JT1 my brain and when people have a question searching a tax code in the level you are in a way and it people think on AI it's just about dumping you know 5,000 pages." No, what you want to do is you want to create the knowledge base that all of the AI spends

time on like these five pages that matter most because right now the AI will scan scan scan and then get bored kind of like add. And so we are working on that and this is an idea we came up yesterday and we're already testing it today. the speed of [clears throat] implementation and that's been one of our secrets of success from the moment I come up with an idea to moment I implement it will determine how successful um we're going to be and uh so every day is the idea the only problem is that

yesterday after with my clients I literally spent uh you know about 16 hours coaching them one by one people had come from Israel and people had come from the Middle East and people had come from Australia and people had come from Canada people come from uh Europe, literally all over the world, you know, to see me and to get them to coach with me, but also to Tommy uh Hilfiger and about five of my clients um went to have a private lunch with him. I only could stay about an hour cuz I had to go back

and it was just amazing. And also met his brother, Andy Hilfiger, who is just as impressive and just funny and great personality. I thought I thought it was Tommy at first cuz they kind of look the same. They're not twins, but they kind of look the same. But, um, he has a, you know, a great brand called Andrew Murray himself, and he knows everything there is to know about Tommy Hilfiger and deals with a lot of some of the top musicians and he was talking the AI was also going. This is a conversation I

love having with people in AI and that's the excitement that that we have and hopefully if you're liking this, please subscribe, please comment, please like. doesn't cost anything, helps the algorithm and uh you know a little bit exhausted because of the amount of uh long hours we've been putting in. The only drawback in this is that I haven't been able to do a lot of AI work. Uh and this is why I have to get rid of these things and but this was scheduled about a year ago. So, you know, keep my word

and obviously when people come all around the world, you you want to make them happy. But uh uh that that's the thing. I just have like run out of time. Like tomorrow my CEO and we'll probably record our meeting. So you guys will actually be in the meeting between me and her and what we need to do. So that'll be exciting. So um you know Tommy Hilfiger. So hopefully my team put the team on the work. If they did then we'll put it another day. But really really really uh appreciate

the uh the excitement and the feedback and how many you guys are liking it. If you want to join the 3699 AI, we have a lot of interviews that are not public that you guys can listen to from some of the top AI researchers, AI billionaires, uh AI, uh we used to work at some of the big AI companies and now have their own companies and they don't really want to be on YouTube. So, this kind of like private so we kind of create private community and we also review tools and everything like that to become better as

well. So, it's there below. It's absolutely free. Just pick up my book, Business War. AI is a new weapon. And uh also too, if you want to use our AI, send me a uh look in the bottom of the comments or just send me a DM on Instagram. I check my own DM and you're going to see there is nothing like this. And I'm completely obsessed on making you more successful, making you productive, make money, save money, uh loving the process, and loving the game. So, uh we'll see you tomorrow. God, this

is like day like, you know, seven of 365 days. It's a long days, but you know what? There'll be good days, there'll be bad days. And so far, it's been two good days and uh six uh bad days, but or five bad days, but you know, that's the fun of the game. So, hopefully this inspires you, even if you're not interested in AI, just going through the journey. So, we'll see you next time. Tomorrow, actually.
