In today's video, I'm going to talk about the creative strategy behind brands that scale past $100,000 in sales every single day. And guess what? They do it with just 7 to 12 concepts per week. You heard it right. You don't need a thousand creatives a week to get to $100,000 a day. You just need a predictable way of finding winners. Now, don't give me don't roast me in the comments because I know that you're gonna say, "Hey, but there's brands like Javi Coffee, right, that launch whatever

a thousand ads in a single month. in the last 30 days they launched a thousand ads. Yes, that is true. And I'm going to talk about exactly why that is the case. In fact, just to give you an idea of why that's the case, volume typically adds consistency and pro increases the probability of course, but only after you fix this one detrimental thing, which is exactly what what I'm going to be discussing in this video. I have a bunch of things that to share with you. Okay, before we get further into the

video, if you don't know who I am, I run an agency. I work with eight figureure businesses. This is just one of our own clients that just in the last 30 days generated over 1.18 I guess $1.2 million almost in a single uh month. Okay, this is just to show you that I'm qualified to speak about the topic. Now, there's a big misconception here before we get into the video is that to get to 3 million a month, whatever, 5 million a month, 1 million a month, you just need to you just just is the keyword. You

just need to do more creatives. That is absolutely not true. Okay, I've seen it with my own eyes. I've seen companies scale to a million dollars a month, right? With literally just seven, 10, 12, maybe 15 concepts a week. Okay? The one thing that these companies have in common is the thing that I'm going to talk about in this video, which is really, really important. Right? So, I always want you to never forget before I get further into the video. And by the way, I'm going to talk about some

really, really cool concepts to make sure to stick until the end because I'm going to break down exactly the strategy. I don't want you to forget that this is a powerful ad. You remember this ad? Let me just show you. This is an ad that completely changed, right? Dr. Squatch ad completely changed the way this company, the direction of this company. One single ad, almost 200 million views, right? One single ad. And they did a bunch of iterations. So they probably had close to a billion views or

more. And so one single ad completely changed the trajectory of their business, which is exactly the point that I want to make. what most people are trying to build. What I'm trying to say here, long story short, is that you don't need absolutely don't need excessive volume if you don't first crack hit rate. Right? What is hit rate? It's basically the probability that you whenever you launch a new ad, there's a high chance that it's going to be a good profitable ad. We don't want to be in a

scenario like this where right where our hit rate is literally 1%. Meaning it takes us 100 produced ads to find one that is doing decent or is somewhat scalable. that is not sustainable, right? And so what we want to do is like I did this uh before I get on here, I did this kind of like diagram where I describe uh a Ferrari with a fiat engine. What I mean by the Ferrari is that the Ferrari is basically you doing volume and you building systems and processes to sustain volume. Meaning you hire maybe a copywriter that writes a

bunch of scripts, a strategist that does like, you know, 300 ad angles a week or a month or whatever, and then you build editors and you build a team that is not ready to scale. Why? because it has a Fiat engine, right? You have the, you know, the outside of your car is the Ferrari, right? You have the infrastructure to scale, but you're scaling something that is broken or that just doesn't have the engine to scale, right? So, you produce all of this volume to then figure out that your ads

are like hitting at 1%. Right? And so, you're basically, if you think about it, it's like why would it's like going fast with an unsafe car kind of, right? Which is the same kind of metaphor. I'm trying to keep the car metaphor here. So, this is obviously not efficient. We want to create an inverse approach where instead of just doing volume, we first prioritize intent, very very high intent, right? And then once the intent is high, we gradually increase volume. Gradually increase volume until we get

to a point where it actually makes sense to uh launch 1,000 new ads a month, right? Or 300, 500, whatever the case may be. Okay? I can assure you that all of these ads are backed by learnings and intent, right? So in this video I want to bring you through this process right just to dive deeper on it you pretty much need three primary things that to master this process right there's three simple pillars just to get right into it there's customer research right you need to know about your customer there's

creative research you need to know about what is actually working out there when it comes to concepts what's going viral right it's basically knowing about your customers and knowing about your creatives okay if you combine these two things together it's a powerhouse but you need to do it consistently the last thing and probably me the most important thing is that you have to crack and find a way to do learnings. Find the time to do learnings. Learnings and doing creative meetings. I'm going

to talk about this in just a second. Let me just first start with these two pillars which are very very important within our company. We have a document called a wholly creative document. This document to keep it very simple is a document that stores everything about your brand. breakdowns, deep customer research, viral trends, winning scripts, required bureaus that are working well for our ads, the types of voiceovers that work well, data on mining on Reddit, data on mining on Amazon, basically everything. Okay? And part of

this process is basically to give the team the infrastructure and the resources to understand why why things are working, right, and why things are not working. an example of something that we do repeatedly week over week for our clients. That's obviously something that everybody needs to do and definitely something that Javi Coffee for example this multi 8 n figure brands does for a fact and I know for a fact because I spoken to strategists that work for these companies and they're also kind of not kind of they are

literally now our employees right and so uh this being said we need to start with breaking down why certain things are working so that you have a foundation right to start your your systems and and creative processes with right and so what is this you know crazy little diagram that I'm sharing here What we're doing here is this is called an ad breakdown. We basically get a winning ad and we break it down by the scene to try to understand what elements, what buying triggers, what motivates people to buy

and we analyze the entire ad, right? If it's within our ad account, even better because we have more data like hook rate, hold rate. But if we don't have it yet, guess what? We can basically go in and do the same thing for uh um one of our competitors. For example, let's just say we're selling like mushroom coffee or something like that and we want to go after everyday dose. This is a winning ad that we found online. As you can see, it has 10,000 comments. It's not our own ad, right? But what we do is that we

establish that it's a winner because it's been running for a while and it's very profitable, meaning that it has a bunch of comments or else people, you know, they probably wouldn't have have spent money on it. Uh, right? And then we apply learnings, try to understand why this video was working. We do like I'm not going to go through all this right now, but I'm trying to basically tell you that we're doing an analysis of why the video is working, right? And this is what you know a more visual

chart where my team can go in and understand what's going on where we connect B-rolls and scenes to like frames and seconds to segments of the ad what's happening when and why and also add notes to it. A cool way to do this which is really really cool is that to use tools like Poppy. This is actually not a very well-known tool. It's getting more out there but this tool is really really good because this is actually not the tool because I'm I still need to sign up for it. my team has already, so

they're already on it. But I just created I just found another tool which is very very similar just for the sake of a demo for this video. But what you can do with Poppy or any other tool that works similar is that you can literally upload it's kind of like Chad GPT on steroids. So you can literally upload a video ad. Let's just say that this is your your your ad. You can go in here into social media content, whatever you want to do, and you can copy and paste the link of the the viral Facebook ad.

So remember what I showed you over here, right? You can literally go in here, get the link to this ad and copy and paste it into this tool, right, called Poppy or whatever you're using, right? And then it will understand it and it will it can do breakdowns. It can transcribe it. It can translate it. It can do it can take inspiration from it. It can do whatever you want. And so this is an example, right, of a video we did it with where literally you see this is an ad breakdown, right? Scene by scene

breakdown of what's happening in the video. Uh, I literally asked it, okay, uh, take this video for example, it's a winner. Give me a breakdown of what's actually going on, uh, with, um, you know, with this video, why it's working. And so, it gave me literally a brand breakdown. Uh, not a brand breakdown, a video breakdown of why this was working. I also asked it to give me psychological triggers, right? It's giving me all the reasons of why this ad worked so that we can better understand it. So, you don't

have to go through anymore. You can use tools like Poppy or whatever you you're finding here. You can use these types of tools to do learnings faster instead of having to break down and create this diagram, right? Which can take a lot of time. This one over here, right? It's still good to do it. Not saying you don't, but I'm just saying leverage Popppy or like these types of tools where you know it's on steroids and you can do it in a much faster way. So once we apply all these learnings, right, and

we apply all of these kind of like observations, we feed it to the team. Why do we feed it to the team? because now they know exactly what they need to do to get the hit rate from 1 to 3% to 13 15 ideally close to 20% or more right which is scalable and nothing that is below 10% I think is scalable so you should aim to hit at a at least a 10 to 15% hit rate before you even start thinking about volume right I can assure you and I know for a fact these types of companies over here they don't have a 1%

or 2% or a 3% hit rate they have a 15 18 20 25% hit rate on their ads with the volume as Well, as soon as you increase volume and you see this hit rate drastically decrease, it's a red flag. You're running an inefficient process or company, right? So, you have to take a step back. So, this is what I'm saying. One other thing that is really really highly contributing to this hit rate uh discrepancy between 1 to 3% to like 15 plus percent. Is doing meetings and learnings, which is kind of like what I

just discussed now, but just to go over it in more in depth, you need to do creative meetings and you need to do them uh to to discuss learnings. If you don't discuss learnings, if you don't uh you basically don't know what you're doing. What I mean by learnings is understanding why things work and understanding why things don't work. Okay. So this is an example of what we do internally within our company and what other 8 nine figure companies are doing to to really increases their their

ch to increase their chances of really increasing their hit rate. So they do two types of meetings right a weekly creative meeting which is the strategist to discuss creative strategy new trends that we find right and this is a str in our team it's like a in our case sorry it's a team meeting between our head of performance which is in charge of of the entire performance of our clients and the strategist of course there's also in some cases the media buyer to give more insights and the UGC manager to take

some notes on whatever right then the second meeting you need to have is a weekly meeting with your editor so the creative strategist hop on a call with editors to discuss what's going on what can be improved. These two things, right? You need to come prepared to the call. How? By doing learnings. And so, this is a way to do learnings. I also talked about in my last or second to last YouTube video. We basically want to compare losing ads with winning ads and kind of compare traits and make conclusions and and this is a you know,

we want to basically come prepared to the call saying, okay, this was the initial hypothesis of why we tested this ad in the first place, right? And this is these are the learnings and the results after 7 to 14 days we launched the ad. So this is is the hypothesis what your creative strategist should come up with right an hypothesis is basically a prediction that's saying hey if we test this type of format this should happen and here's why it's an hypothesis it's like an if and then

statement if then right and so once we have the hypothesis then after 7 to 14 days we need to do some learnings to analyze what things worked and what things didn't work. This is an example of some learnings you can do on a winner and some learnings you should do on a loser. Right? An example of winner is that of course you determined that the the the ad is a winner in the first place by saying okay it got top three spend. It got a 1.9 rorowaz which is great for the account and it's consistent with the results. Good. Now

that we understand that it's a winner, let's analyze it and say why is it a winner? Okay, the hook was at 57%. The CTR was above average 1.7%. The whole rate was decent. So maybe an opportunity to increase it. And these are the three things that happened within the ad. And these are the observations we made that probably made this ad a winner. Are the observations always going to be true? No. But you're doing your best, right? And I can guarantee you that if you start making these observations and you

start chatting with the team about these observations, you will 100% drastically increase the chances of hitting your next video, right? And so I just we just found a winner for one client where it was a comparison video where the product was compared to a competitor, right? And it was a demo video and it was like so clear that it would have worked but we got that inspiration from another uh winner that we analyzed, right? And it worked super super well. And guess what? The winner wasn't even from our own

client. It was from another client or another competitor that we were analyzing. Basically what I was talking about over here, right? This process. And so this is super super important. So you record reasons of why it probably worked. Something that you can also do with this Poppy thing, right? You can, you know what you, you know, this tool is going to tell you the ad one because there was a risk rem uh removal claim. The ad won because there was a smart positioning, right? The ad one because it showed visual proof at the end.

There's a scientific credibility to it, right? It's giving you reasons and these are like good hypotheses that you can gather into your research whenever you do your learnings. When an ad fails, you have to do the same thing. Results, it didn't spend. Uh the ROAZ, was it good or bad? Learnings, the hook rate was only 25%. there's probably an opportunity to increase it. How you put your hypothesis by probably doing something similar to the winner, right? CTR, it was 1.3%. Not too bad, right?

Why was it not too bad? Because of this angle, right? We're noticing that across all of our winners, this angle is outperforming others. You take a note, right? It's basically very basic information, right? One other thing that you want to do as soon as you finish your learnings is basically come up with next steps. Right? Now that we understand or at least we're giving ourselves a fair shot at understanding why things are working and not working, then we can start building hypothesises.

Right. Right. You should track everything into a Google sheet. You can use mine if you want. It's very very simple. I can give you the link. It's like third or fourth link in the in the description. But this is uh the sheet that we use. It's a creative testing tracker. Every single row that you see here is a test on our ad account. And every single time we launch it, I always talk about this. So, I'm not going to spend three hours talking about this in this video, but every single time we

launch a concept in the ad account, we record the marketing angle, the con uh the creative concept, the awareness stage, the avatar, and then we record results like uh you know, triple whale, numbers, conversion rate, and AOV. But then we always fill out the hypothesis before we launch it, and then we fill out the the results and the learnings after, right? And this is also how we track our win rate. So, download it. It's free. It's a very useful resource. Okay? This is why what you need to do.

Okay? Okay, to recap, you need to do customer research, creative research. I'm not going to talk about in depth how to do those in this video. I have the video literally right before this one or two before this one where I bring you through the exact strategy of how we start doing these things or we do these things internally at my company. And then this pillar is really, really important. Creative meetings and learnings. If you have these three pillars, I can guarantee you you will increase your chances of making this

happen or making this grow by at least 10x to 100x for sure. because most people don't do these things. This is what you should do before you increase volume. So, as I say over here, let me just read. This full process will get you from guessing to scientifically scaling with feedback loops. Right? Note, we've seen brands that only produce seven to 10 concepts a week that generate seven figure months. That is proof that quality over quantity matters and the quality needs to be cracked. You

need to crack the code on quality before you can you can crack the code on quantity. Okay. Overall, this is the recommended loop, right? creative loop process. You do customer research, you do creative research and then you you host creative meetings where you talk about learnings. After you talk about learnings, you go back to the drawing board. You do the same thing. Customer research, creative research. You combine these two together and then you do learnings. It's a it's a called feedback

loop. Creative feedback loop that starts with the customer mind and ends with learnings. That is how you get from a 2% 3% hit rate to a 13 15 20 sometimes even 30% hit rate. We've had some clients that have over 20% hit rate. So one in five one in four ads are are spending and scaling. Okay, that is what we want to do. Once we crack this, then we can start doing way more iterations on and that's how they scale. Like that's literally how these brands scale. They're not doing like 100 briefs a week

where they they are all like complete new concepts. No, they have they apply an 80% 20% rule where 80% goes towards iterating a concept. And by the way, iterating a concept doesn't mean just changing the hook. It can also mean changing the concept in uh the creative concept the format from UGC to VSL from carousel to uh you know whatever you want to do with static and so the way to scale is with iterations. So if you have a winner that's giving you the winner you can do iterations to prolong its

lifetime um it's its lifetime essentially so they can spend more and you can just get the most out of it. This is how companies are scaling to these levels as Javi Coffee where they have 1,500 active ads and they have a,000 launched new ads every single uh month. Okay, which is pretty high volume. Okay, that is it for this video, but I just wanted to talk about this really really important thing. Uh volume is important, but it's not important in the initial initial stages. And once again, I've seen

companies not prioritize volume, but prioritize intent and they get to a million a month without volume. They get to a million a month with intent. And I've seen this over and over again. I have also had some clients that with just one ad, one ad scaled them from like 200k a month to 700K a month. One single ad. Okay, one single ad. As soon as they shut that uh that ad off because they got the MCA because it was ripped. It was it was not something that they had to do and they didn't understand why

it worked. Then their business went from 700 to 500 to 300 to 100. Right? And you know, now we're working with this client and we're we're improving and and trying to do our best to work with this client and and get results back up. But this is what happens if you prioritize other things. And so this is what you need to go uh this is the ideal solution is that you have a Ferrari kind of like outside where you can scale volume but only after you crack the code with you know 15% plus hit rates, right? Where you

have a Ferrari engine and a Ferrari kind of outside. You have the Ferrari on the outside but you don't have a Fiat engine. That's what I wanted to say. Okay, that is it for this video. Let me know if you got some value from it. And if you are a brand doing at least $100,000 a month, and you want to get to the next level, whether your goal is a million a month, 5 million a month, we have experience working with 8 figureure brands, you can book in a call uh as we have applications open for I'm not sure

about December, you can try, but uh January for next year for sure. But that is it for this video and see you in the next one. Bye.
