Have you ever wondered why some drop shippers crush it with winning products backto back while others blow through 10, 20, even 30 products and see zero profits, just straight losses? Now, if you're one of those people that blow through drop shipping products, that ends today because I'm going to be exposing live how I find winning products going into 2026. This is the exact no BS process that I personally use to add new winning products to my 7 figure drop shipping and e-commerce [music] stores. But there is a like goal

on this video. So, if we hit 500 likes, it just tells me that you guys love these videos and you want to see more. And if we do hit 500 likes, I'll leave a present in the pin comment and in the description below. So guys, the first thing that I want to do is explain what makes a winning product going into 2026 in terms of the criteria and the fundamentals because if this doesn't make sense to you, then what I'm about to show you next, which is the untapped methods no one else has shared on

YouTube is worthless essentially. So this is the winning product criteria. Now, as you guys can see on my screen, I built this in-depth documentation on my robot explaining everything in today's video and this will be the present that'll be available once we hit 500 likes. And the thing is, you're going to need this Myro board. But going back to the winning product criteria, the first key thing is the selling price. You want to be selling your products around about $50 to $75. Now, you might be wondering,

why would I sell a product that expensive? I thought winning products were $10, $20, $30. Those days have gone. They've been left behind in 2024. We're in 2026 now. The reason why you need to be selling products at that range of $50 to $75 is because ad costs are going up, supplier costs are going up. So, if you don't sell your products of around this range, you're going to be left with minimal profit to be able to use. Now, you've got to remember what makes a winning product is how much you

can spend on a platform like Facebook and Tik Tok with being comfortable with spending. Now, let's say hypothetically I'm selling a product for $60. Now, let's say it cost me all in$ eight dollar to get that product and send it. That means I'm left with around about 50 so dollars. Now, that means that I can spend comfortably between 30 and $40 on Facebook in terms of acquiring a customer and I'm still comfortable. Now, giving me that extra margin means I'm willing to test more comfortably. And

this is where most drop shippers fail because they don't have enough profit margins in their products to allow them to test them on such things like Facebook ads and Tik Tok ads. Now the next thing is market gap capitalization. Now the product is usually good but badly marketed. Now if competitors use weak videos or boring descriptions, you can beat them with better marketing. Extra advantages could be position the same product but for different types of people, parents, pet owners, students,

gyms, and sell it for different reasons, which gives you more angles and more chances to go viral. Now, if you've seen a product blowing up on, let's say, Facebook ads or whatever, and you try and sell the same product with the same angle that the competitor you found is doing, you're directly competing with them, which is a no no situation in this method. Now the next thing is only one to two real competitors running ads. That can be Facebook ads or Tik Tok ads. Now this is important because it shows

that there's real demand but not too much saturation. If there are zero competitors running ads on Facebook or Tik Tok, that's usually a very bad sign. Now the next thing is you want active ads with good engagement. So you want to make sure that there actually are ads on Facebook that are currently active. They're not from like 6 months ago, but you can still see them on the ad library because you've set it to inactive. And you want to make sure that their engagement is good, their comments are

good, because this is real proof of concept that people like the ads they're being shown by your competitor. Now, the next thing is strong social proof like Amazon ratings between 4.3 stars and 4.7 stars. There's no point trying to sell a winning product that has terrible reviews, but it's a winning product. I've seen it happen so many times. People sell these winning products, but they know they're going to get refunds and chargebacks, and it ends up in a disaster. Now, this product criteria is

essential because it's based on live data. It's based on real data that we need to verify. We're not just guessing or assuming. This is real statistical data. Now, the methods that I'm about to show you are verifiable, meaning that all of this can be verified very easily. Now, I've left a bonus section in the Myro board called Why Beginners Fail and How to Avoid this. I'm not going to mention this now cuz I don't want to bore you guys. I know you're excited to see the untapped methods, but in your

free time when you get access to this guys, I would definitely recommend giving it a read. Now, with the product criteria out of the way, let's get into these untapped methods no one has shared on YouTube yet. Now, remember, these methods I'm about to show you are verifiable for the criteria I just mentioned. Now, the first website you want to go to is completely free and it's called trust.com. Now this is a new website released I think a few months ago. Now the whole point of this website is not even to be

used as a product research method. I've just reverse engineered it for that purpose. Now the whole purpose that this website was actually made for was to stop fake gurus or agency owners. So basically you connect your store or your agency to this and you verify your rorowaz. So the people that own this company will verify your numbers your rorowaz to see if you're legit. Now, the crazy part is for people like me and you, we can just use this as a way to verify products are making money or not

making money. So, whoever is adding their stuff to this website, thank you so much for making my life way more easier. So, all I've got to do is I can go here to where it says type. You can see freelancer agency. Now, we only care for the ones that say store. So, store, store, store. Now, we want to make sure that the ones that show store actually have their name. So you can see here Vavcraft Otter Silver. So these are essentially brands that we can actually find. So if I click on this brand here,

you can see now it opens up this dashboard and it says verified ad spend verified with read only meta API and you can see the total ad spend in the last 3 years is almost 3 million. And you can see that their rorowaz is 1.8 right now in the last 30 days. So it essentially tells you that this brand makes money and it's been verified. And it also tells you their rorowaz in the last 30 days. Now the reason why that's crazy guys is because this is actual data. Like this isn't guest data. This isn't

estimates. This is legitimate data because this store owner is connected an API to this which is insane. Now what we can also do guys is just copy this name like this. Go to Google, type in the name, and then there you go. We can see the store as it is. So this is the store that we've just found. So guys, now we're on their website. What we can actually do is we can scroll all the way down and we can find their social media like their Facebook and their Instagram. Now the reason why this is important

because sometimes their brand name isn't the same as the page name they use for their Facebook ads. Now once you find out what their Facebook page name is, you can go to the ad library for completely free and you can search for the brand name. You can filter it by active ads. Remember active ads are the most important. And then you can scroll down and you can see which products they're currently running ads for. Now, based on what I can see, they're running most of their ads to the rings. Because

if I go back to their website, they sell a lot of different jewelry products. Now, it's the rings that I'm guessing makes them the most money because looking at their ads, they're running the most ads to the rings. So, I'm assuming that they make most of their money with their rings based on what I can see from their active ads. And the ring that I can see mostly used is this star ruby blaze silver ring. Now this is the ring that I keep seeing in their ads. Now what I can do is I can write

click this and click search goods with AliExpress. Now this will run a back search on AliExpress to see if we can find the same product or a very similar product. Now I'm not going to assume that this is a drop shipping product, although it could be. And it looks like it possibly is. Now, this could be a unique e-commerce brand ring, but based on AliExpress, there are very, very similar versions that we can see here. Now, I'm not saying, like I said before, this is definitely a drop shipping

product. So, I don't want to disrespect this guy's store if it isn't and it's legit his own products. But me as the drop shipper, I can find a very similar product right here that they're selling. Now, they're selling theirs for $149. I can see on AliExpress for $3.39. Now, although I can find a very similar product on AliExpress, it doesn't mean that I want to source it from AliExpress because AliExpress, you don't know what you're going to get and the shipping

times aren't always great. So, if we are going to source this product, we're going to go to Team Drop. There's a link in the description and in the pin comment. You're going to create an account for free and you can search for the product. Now, if you can't find the product on there, you can then go to sourcing, click new sourcing, add the product name, add an image, and then within around about 24 to 48 hours, you're then going to get a sourcing request explaining how much the price of

the product's going to be and if they can source it. Now, the reason why we're going to want to use a company like Team Drop is because they're way better than AliExpress. Look at this for example. This is another ring that Team Drop have available, and you can see the shipping times. I can get my product to my customer within 5 to 8 days or 7 to 15 days. And you can see they're all affordable options. And you can see the product cost here. Now, they have the best shipping lines. They have the best

warehousing. And they don't use any middlemen. So, you're going to cut the middlemen out by using Team Drop. Now, AliExpress actually source their products from companies. So, they're like the middlemen. By using Team Drop, you're going to get faster shipping, better quality products, and you're going to get the most variations in shipping line. So, make sure you guys use Team Drop for all of your drop shipping or e-commerce white labeling services. So, we found a brand with

proven rorowass selling that ring. And we can also source the product as a drop shipper. Now, what you could also do, which I'd recommend, is ask AI to find you other brands selling a similar product. send it an image of the product or you can send it the link to the website and then it will give you a list of brand names that you can then go to the ad library and search for to see if they're selling similar products because remember you want to find a few brands not just one brand selling the same

product. Now even if worse comes worse you struggle to find another brand just by seeing that one brand spend that much money that's enough for me to say this product's a good product for me to test. But I'm just saying as a bonus, if you want to find other brands, get AI to list the names out for you so that you can then search for them on the ad library to confirm if there are more. Now, on Trust Rows, you're only going to see the top 10 on the leaderboards. For you to access the whole leaderboards,

whether it be six, seven, eight pages long, you have to create an account. Either you have to sign up as a freelancer, an agency owner, or a store. But once you've done that, within 24 hours, they verify your account. You're then going to see the whole list of leaderboards. Now, in my opinion, guys, it's worth doing this because you're going to be able to see vetted, reall life, verified stores just by doing this. And it cost $0 to technically do it. So, guys, the second method to

finding proven winning products is going to this website here called app.practical.com. I think that's how I'm saying it. Now, I'm not affiliated or sponsored by any of these companies I'm mentioning. I came across it the other day through a friend who's doing some huge numbers and essentially it is an insane platform for finding trends with products attached to them. So, it's actually insane. Now, you can see here I've actually signed up to a trial. So, I'm on a 14-day trial for a

$250 plan. Now, this is technically a free method because you only need to go on a free trial. Now, I'm on a 14-day free trial. Now, once my trial comes to an end, I'm obviously going to be canceling this. So, essentially, you're not paying anything because I'm on a free trial. You just need to sign up with a credit card for it to work. Now, I don't know how long this method is going to work for before they start cancing the free trial, but as they've got the free trial available, trust me,

you're going to want to use it. Now, once you've come to this platform, you're going to head over to trends, and then it shows you all of these trends currently that are doing well. Now, you can see here, for example, Charms is currently doing really well, and you can see that it's got a 374% gain. So, I'm going to click on this. Now, as soon as I click on that trend, it tells me the estimated practical market size for this. And you can see it's $1.2 billion. And it also shows me

the total volume. And it also shows me the trend over the year, which has basically been blown up. And it tells me which product types are doing well. gold charms, pendant charms, and then it shows me the top 25 products based on actual e-commerce brands selling these products. So, this isn't just some kind of like guessing work. These guys tell you the brand, how much revenue that products generated for them, and how much they're selling that product for. So, this is like a steroid database of

proving winning products for us. And honestly, this is a game changer. And you can see if I scroll down, it shows you the pricing range. It also shows you which brands take up the majority of the size of this market. And you can see this one here clearly is destroying the most of the market. You can see here clearly on the leaderboards they're leading the market. Now what I'm going to want to do is I'm going to want to investigate more about this brand. So if I click on the brand name, it opens up

the whole database whether it be the overview, the events or what they've recently been doing in terms of advertisement strategy and it also gives me all the sales. So, in terms of what products selling the most for them and the active sales, it even gives me the reviews. This is why I love this platform because it gives me the reviews and the sentiment, which means do people like the product? Do people hate the product? So, it tells me all this information without me having to do any more research. Now, you've also got this

other feature called company overview where you can search for brands. So, for example, I found this brand here called Baby Tula and it shows me the amount of sales they've done over time and it also shows me their winning products. So if I click sales, I can see all of their winning product and their sell through rate. So you can see here which products and how much revenue they've generated. So you can click on the product as well, and it shows you it in detail. So it shows you sales over time, what exactly

it is, and it even gives you the sentiment again and how many reviews that product's got. And the only thing that I have to do, guys, is go to their website, and I've got a Chrome extension called Winning Hunter. And I can go to overview. I can go to product and I can see their bestselling products again. Now what I can do is cross reference this information. So it's saying these are the bestselling products versus if I go here I can see here which is their bestselling products and I know it's the

prechool ones that are their bestselling products. So all of these here are their bestselling products. You can see here preschool carrier is their best seller. Now, all I have to do again, guys, is open up this image, click search with AliExpress, and I'm going to find an alternative. Now, the thing to understand is I'm very confident that this is an ecom brand, not a drop shipping store. So, I'm just going to try and find myself something that is the similar idea in terms of functionality. Now, there's a few coming

up here that look like they serve the same purpose. And you can see they've got five stars. Five stars. So, clearly, this is another winning product that I've just found. And the good thing with the Winning Hunter Chrome extension is I can click ads and it shows me all the ads that they're running right now. So instead of me having to go to the Facebook ad library like before, I can just look at all their ads in live time here. And by the looks of things, they're running all of their ads to the

preschool or the toddler's carrier bag, which are these ones here. So I can confirm that is their winning product. The data tells me and also the ads library also tells me the same thing. Now the thing that you guys have to understand is I do believe that this platform is more for DTOC brands like big e-commerce brands but the thing you have to understand as a drop shippers you can find drop shipping alternatives although these are huge brands making massive amounts of money you can still find products that are drop shipping

alternatives and instead of you directly trying to compete with them you can get AI like GenSpark which I'm about to show you later to find gaps in the market you could send Genpot the link to this website. Say, "Look, this is a big e-commerce DTOC brand selling it. I'm a drop shipper. How could I come into the market and find a gap?" And Gen Spark will use us AI analysis and find out gaps that you could use to sell it as a drop shipper. Because at the end of the day, guys, you don't want to be

competing with these massive brands. They've got bigger ad budgets than you. They've got bigger teams than you. So, you need to be smart and you need to find gaps in the market by using tools like GenSpark to identify them and then utilize them. So, guys, that moves us on to the third and final method to finding untapped winning proven drop shipping products. Now, you're going to want to go back to the Myro board because I've given you guys this prompt here. So, as soon as you're in the Myro board, you

can literally copy this prompt. Now, what you guys are going to want to do is copy this prompt from the Myro board, put it into Gen Spark. Now, Gen Spark is an agentic AI agent. So, it can go out there and actually perform real tasks for you. Now, the better the prompt is, the better results you get from things like Gen Spark. Now, the good thing is because I've done the prompt engineering for you, you're going to get really good results, but one thing to bear in mind is I've already given it a niche for

you. Now, I've told it that this is for the dog niche. Now, if you want to guys, you can change this to the beauty niche. You can change this to the any niche you want. But for now, I've kept it as dog niche. And if you want to change it, you can do whatever you want. Now, as soon as you've copied this prompt, you're just going to click send. And you can see GenSpark has started to work. You can see I'll research the dog niche problem solving products that meet your criteria. And you can see it's

performing all these agentic tasks for us by using its own tool. So instead of us manually having to do this ourselves, the agent's doing it all for us. Now, once Genbox complete the task, it's going to tell you that it's used an option. Now in this case it used option A but if you read the myra board you want to tell it to use option B. So I said use option B and you can see now dog niche drop ship product research option B 10 products meeting the most criteria including more known product

with marketing gaps. That's why we want to use option B. The product number one is the portable dog cleaner. And then it basically breaks down why this is a winning product. Now these are the three products that Genpock found for me. Now, the first one is the six-speed dog nail grinder. Now, the reason why this product is so good is because the traditional ways of cutting dogs nails is not great. Dogs get scared. It's not easy to do. But with this tool here, and by the way, the information I'm giving

you is based on what Jensen told me. This product here is designed to make it easier to cut dogs nails, make it ease of use, no issues, the dogs don't mind it. So technically cutting dogs nails is a massive niche, but this product solves the problem of dogs being panicky, worried, or hard for pet owners to get them into the position of being able to cut their nails. So for me, that's clearly a winning product. Now, the second product GenSpot gave me is the after surgery dog neck brakes. Now,

usually after dogs have surgery, they have these cones around their neck, these plastic cones to stop them from licking their wounds. Now, the issue with that is it's not comfy and it's not nice for the dog. Now, this one is an inflatable collar, which is more comfier for the dog to wear. So, it's a lot more comfier for the dog to wear. Now, obviously, dog owners don't like seeing their pets under stress or uncomfort. So, this solves a massive problem. Now, on AliExpress, this has got 800 plus

orders, lots of positive reviews. Again, a massive wide known issue with the dog niche been solved with this product. So, that for me is another winning product. Now, the third product that it gave me, which I believe is the weakest one out of them, but it's still a great product, is the automatic pet paw cleaner. So, instead of them manually cleaning their paws, this is automatic. They put it in, they press a button, and it starts working. So, after the dog walks or them going in the garden, this will clean it

automatically. Now, I've done some extensive research, and this is the market validation summary that I've come up with based on what GenSpot gave me. Number one, competitors are selling toward the same problem. We identified sellers are targeting the same core problem. We plan to solve dirty dog paws, but they're primarily selling supplements or alternative solutions, not the same type of physical product we are offering. That's a good sign. There is a clear existing demand for the

solution this problem, but no one is offering our specific product. Direct competitor identified, but with a different mechanism. We found two notable product types already in the market. Sprays, pork cup cleaners, but they're manual. The pork cup cleaner is the closest competitor to our product. So, the traditional pork cup cleaners, but they're manually. So, you have to manually put the dog's paw in it and move it around. Ours is actually automatic. Key insight. The competitor's

product solves the same problem, but uses a completely different mechanism, which is manual. Why is this a positive sign for us? Normally, if we find somebody else selling the same product, we usually identify that as a way of not competing. In this case, they're selling the manual version. We're selling the automatic version. This difference aligns with a proven customer psychology. People are after products that reduce effort and increase convenience. We know that anyway. So, this product does that. So, our

advantage is we offer a more convenient solution to the same problem. And this is one of the most important things for you guys to understand. If you already know there's a winning product out there, you can find better versions of it. So guys, those are my three untapped ways to finding winning products. Let me know which one was your favorite method in today's video. And let me know how you found the information that I gave you today. And remember, once we hit 500 likes in this video, guys, you guys are

going to get access to the Myro board, which is so so powerful because it has the prompts and the in-depth guide in here. With that being said, guys, I hope you've enjoyed today's video. I hope I brought you a lot of value.
