Today's video is going to be probably one of the most important videos that I've ever done in the history of my YouTube channel. Okay, I'm going to talk about how brands are able to consistently, and consistently is the key word, consistently scale to $50,000 days or more with a bulletproof creative process. I'm going to bring you through the entire creative process from A to Z. I have a lot to speak about over here, as you can see, a bunch of different things, new things uh that I haven't

really spoken about too much within the channel. And before we get going to the channel, uh just so you know that I'm qualified to speak about the topic. This is just one of our own clients that we typically uh are managing. They're doing around $50,000 uh per day. That's what they did yesterday alone. Okay. Now that we got the proof out of the way, let's jump right into the video. Please stick until the end. I'm going to talk about really really important uh you know steps. There's going to be four or five

steps. The the final steps are the most important. I'm not saying this to retain viewership or whatever. I I really mean it. They are the most important step. So, make sure to stick until the end. Step number one, creative research. I'm going to just jump right in. I'm going to show you how I do creative research in the next, you know, couple of minutes and, you know, listen clearly because this is very effective. Okay, so there's two layers to research or two things that we need. We want to do research on

competitors and research on brands that have a shared audience. Okay, why do we want to do research on competitors? Well, I don't really need to explain that because, you know, if a direct competitor is killing it with an offer, a landing page, a structure, a creative structure, a creative concept, whatever it is, specifically on the creative side, as we say in step one, we want to be able to like learn from it, number one, and maybe implement it in our own way. Second reason why we want to do

research on brands that are not selling the same you know product but just have a shared audience is because whenever we go and navigate let's just say these are just some creatives from our you know direct indirect competitor that's that has a different audience if it's working for them and a specific concept is new to the market right then we can get that concept and implement it in our own way with the right angles the right messaging of course but for our industry so it's like less saturated so let me

just show you what I do here is that I just honestly go over here on I use Ara. Uh it's an amazing tool because this tool allows me to find brands. So let's just say I'm selling an under eye bag cream or whatever you want to call it. And so I would look for competitors or at least uh you know this is what I start with. And then to validate that the ads are actually spending or to actually understand what types of ads are winners. Then I just you know find a brand. Let's say Lumen.

I go over here and I uh this is for another company. Let me just go back. I go over here and click on advertiser name. Lumen at least I start with this filter uh and then uh I just go on and take a look at what is happening with their ads. You see this is these are all viral very very viral ads and I take a look at what's actually working for them and what has been launched in the most recent period. I like to do the last three to six months. The other thing that I said remember indirect competitors when I when I think about

indirect competitors I basically ask a question what does my product solve and how do I sell my product? My product for example can be sold with before and after like you know no under eye cream and then you use the cream and you don't have bags anymore. So what other uh you know niches can we explore? Probably skincare right or um you know weight loss right let me just do skincare and from here we can probably find you know sandy and sky you know truly beauty they're absolutely killing it and we can

take inspiration from those concepts. Okay, so this is pillar number one. Really, really important. You can buy an ARA, you can buy an ad spy, and you basically go ahead and find viral winning creative concepts that you can take advantage on direct competitors and indirect competitors, even if they're not competitors, shared audiences, right? Okay, so this is step number one. Really important. Step number two, you're going to roll your eyes and it's boring, but I have to spend one or two

minutes talking about this and then we can get into the the sexier, more interesting topics as we move on. Okay, customer research, really important. You understand what that means. The number one priority is the customer. We want to be able to understand everything there is about the customer. I've shown this diagram before. We want to go on Reddit, on Tik Tok, on Amazon, on Facebook groups, read comments, go and find even on on this side, like if we're if we're taking a look at this ad for example

that's going completely viral, right? One other thing that is part of the customer uh research is read through the comments of your best indirect or direct competitors or also your own ads and read through the comments of their most viral ads. That is literally one way to have a better understanding what people want, what they like, dislike. You know, there there's a thousand 1,200 comments, right? And you can filter by uh, you know, all comments, right? And then you can pretty much have

an understanding what people react to, what they like, what their objections, right? I don't see any any here, but in some cases they're like some some comments have like 200 likes or even more, right? And so you obviously that is an indication that people resonate with that, right? And so you can take inspiration from all of these comments and this is part of the research. You can do the same thing with Tik Tok, you know, under eye bags, right? You can do research on what they're saying in the comments. So, we

take a look at this is a super viral video. It had a million view, not views, but likes. So, you know, 144,000 saves, 12,000 comments. And look, this comment alone had 161,000 likes, 93,000 likes, one comment, not one video, one comment. And so, you can basically, this is a gold mine to just take a look at what people are doing. Okay? So, that's what we do. Then we try to understand what the positives, the negatives are, the frustrations, the tonality, the skepticism. We put everything into a

document. And then of course we want to understand these things. How does your ideal customer avatar talk? What is happening in their life right now? Who do they want to become? People that have under bags want to become people that don't have under eye bags, right? What is their aspiration, their motivations? How do they they want to feel internally, right? Psychologically. And what do they say they want that maybe they they're not thinking, right? Which is completely different. And so what we

like to do is that we have like a document called holy creative document and this is where we put all of their research. So customer research which includes you know tik to tik tok research, Reddit research, avatar research, Amazon review mining, everything uh so that we basically have a good understanding of what is actually working. You see we highlight comments. We just go you know deeper into the rabbit hole of customer research. Okay. So this is super super important. Hopefully you understand these two

things. Number one, right? Creative research. Number two customer research. And now comes the magic. And this is where we're going to dive deeper into some other things. Step number three is creating an hypothesis. Uh it's sorry it's creative hypothesis and creative production. Right? Once you gather these two things, right? Creative research and customer research. You can start hypothesizing what the hell I want to do as a creative test. So this is where we come in the command center comes in

play, right? So these are like videos, right? These are all concepts that we want to launch. Let's just say, you know, I did the research on the customer. I did the research on the creative and I come up with one, two, three, let's just say these three concepts. I add them into this command center. How do I add them? Well, first of all, we want to each each um row is like a creative concept that we want to test on the ad account. So each concept would be like three, four, five uh different creatives uh which has a

specific marketing angle. So we would basically with within this concept, we would go after and and fill up the marketing angle, right? the creative concept type, whether it's top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel, the avatar that we're targeting, all these things. And at the same time, this is the type of hypothesis that we want to test. Why are we putting this test in action? Like we have to give reasons to why we are doing a creative in the first place or else you're pretty

much shooting in the dark. Like why are we deciding that we want to do this test, right? And so this is the first pillar, creating the hypothesis. And I have a perfect example of of some things later, so stick until the end. But the hypothesis it could be I'm deciding to test this concept because it went viral for a direct competitor and I want to just and I also read that this comment went viral on this you know thread and I feel like it would be a perfect match that is a perfect hypothesis and why

something could work right next thing is that you create a brief. Now this is really really important. Once you have an idea of the concept, you have your creative strategist or yourself or somebody on your team, ideally a creative strategist actually go and create a brief, right? A brief is basically this information you need to give. And this is a brief to the editor or the creative team, the uh graphic designers or the editors. So you need to have an avatar, an angle, right, a desire, top of funnel, minimum. It's

basically what I just spoke about over here. all these columns they would just you know you do them you add them over here because it gives you context and you know what the status is you know to be approved or you know ideas right but then you also put it on the you copy and paste it on the brief so that your editors know exactly where to find the information okay one other thing that we started to implement right now and it's really I I feel like it's really really going to work well it's something that

we didn't test yet we're in the process of testing it but I know that it's going to work very well is that we have editor rules and so we're implementing frameworks where each editor before giving up giving us a video based on the script on the brief, they need to check all of these boxes. Is the hook fine? Yes. Are the captions fine? Are the visuals fine? Is the voice over more consistent in tone, pacing, whatever? Yes. They basically need to check all of these check boxes. I'm not going to do

it right now. Or else we will not review the video and it will just remain there until like and it's on them at that point. And if if they don't do this, you know, you know, they they shouldn't. Let me just not tell you what it would happen. But obviously, you know, they would get fired because if they don't follow our instructions and they're they're not following these uh brief instructions, it would just really, you know, hurt our clients and all the brands that we work with, right? So,

they have to do this. If they don't uncheck a box, right, they need to tell us why that was not unchecked. For example, rule number 10 was not unchecked because it would not be respecting the brief that the creative strategist gave me. For example, if part of uh you know uh let's just say the hook needs to be visually impactful and for example the reference video is uh that is like a winning video does not have an impactful hook then the editor would not check this up and it would just say hey I didn't do number one. I

didn't check box number one because the brief told me to do that. Okay. So this allows revisions to be like you know limited and allows quality to be high. Okay. This is what a brief should look like. And then you of course have you know scenes and you know this is just a standard brief the voice over the text overlay and some notes for the editor. Okay, hopefully this was valuable. Next step is that you receive the final video from the editor and then you request revisions. We're doing revisions on

frame.io moving forward and it's a great tool uh ju just to leave uh comments and you know do revisions. Let me know if you have any questions about this. But the creative hypothesis needs to be done before you get into production, right? Get an hypothesis going and I'll explain why that is important later. Next step and the most important is learnings. Okay, this is the step as I say here where we take our time and try to understand why certain ads are working and certain ads are failing. If we don't

do this within organization, we pretty much like are hoping that something sticks on the wall. So what we want to do is that we want to compare failed ads and we want to compare them with winning ads and then we want to just mix and match and compare as much as we can to gather as much data. So making what do I say here? make conclusions based on the numbers and take notes on the key observations as per why the ad failed or it won. And this is the learning section that I was showing you over here. Right?

Once you check in the hypothesis after 7 to 14 days, you record results. It got spent, it didn't get spent, uh you know, and stuff like that. And then you have learnings. This I mean I'm talking about I'm going to talk about learnings in just a second just just so you have a perfect example of what a complete learning is. Okay? And so these two this gets filled up before you start the test. And this is basically after 7 to 14 days either when you decide to leave it on the test the creative the concept

right or you decide to shut it off you you read the learnings really really really important really basic actually but really important this is a perfect example I'm going to do two examples a winning video and a losing video and I'm going to talk about the actual uh briefs okay let me just zoom in a little bit over here so this would be the winning video results it took the top three spender right the rose was 1.9 which is great at least for this scenario and It was consistent in results meaning that

it continued to spend X amount top three spender right the CTR was consistent the ROS was consistent everything is consistent what are some learnings right and this is an example right I'm not saying these are the types of learnings you should do exactly but you can take inspo from this the hook rate was uh not only uh the hook rate was 57% and and uh I'm not sure what I wrote here that was very strong it means that it's a very strong hook it showed the product and the end result in the hook right the

hook showed the product and the end result basically kind of like this the end result or and the and and the product over here. Uh once again I'm just taking inspiration on this example so you understand and you can do this with your own brand and it's also very visually impactful. So these are just some observations on the hook which was 57%. We have visual impactful and it showed the product and the result within the hook. So this is an observation it's a learning. Next thing, right, is CTR

was above uh 1.7%, which is good compared to all of their other ads, right? The uh and this, you know, made me think, and this is hypothesizing, this is once again, it's an example. It made me think that the girlfriend angle maybe made the ad resonate on a deeper level with the audience. Therefore, giving us instead of a 1% click-through rate, which was maybe the average, it gave us a 1.7%. So, I'm making observations once again. I'm making learnings of a potential uh you know not a potential of a winning ad literally

right and so hold rate was 30% definitely room for improvement on the story line ideally we want to you know get the the hold rate to like 40 50%. And then maybe we can test uh you know adding a story line within the video to increase retention. Stories sell, right? Something that you maybe never tested could be an idea to get this from 30 to 40%, uh 30 to 50%. You get the point. Once again, I'm I'm applying learnings and hypothesises for my next test. And then I just have like general observations. You know, the angle was a

girlfriend angle, right? The hook was very impactful uh u visually. The pace of the video was around 3 seconds per frame, right? In some cases, we have some clients that just by changing the frame of the video, right? Making it slower for like, you know, assuming they target 50, 60 year olds instead of making it super fast-paced, it can it can drastically improve results. So, we want to make observations on the entire video. What angle did we use? What was the hook like? Was it impactful visually? Was it not? Was it a static

hook? Was it a a visual uh kind of like motion um um hook? Whatever it was, what was the pacing? We also showed a lot of proof that the product works by having girls smell boys and smile. So this is a component, an observation that we made on the ad. And so the next step would be, you know, iterate with a different hook, but still high impact, right? Maybe just testing a different hook. This is just an example. There's a billion of other iterations that you can do to make this better or iterate on the

concept itself. Okay, let me just do an example of a loser. Okay, this is really, really important. Losing ad total spend $200 within 7 days, right? uh you know, as a key uh performance indicator, uh a thou if it spends over $1,000 and it keeps on spending, we would consider that uh a small winner, but still in within the winning circle. It really depends on scale in your account. If you're spending, you know, 10 grand a day or like $200 a day, of course, your target is going to be a bit different. But if you're, you know, if

you're starting to spend like three, four, $5,000 per day or more, you can consider like a winner something that is like 700, $800, $1,000 in spend, right? especially if it's within like seven to 12 to 14 days. Okay. And then the ROAZ was like 2.5. So healthy ROAS but it didn't spend a lot and so we shut it down. Learnings the hook as an example was only 25%. So if the hook was actually 25% we want to understand how we can try to improve this hook because then what if what happens is that most

people most people get losing ads. Not most people everyone in the world including the eight nine figure brands they get more losers than winners. It's part of the process right? If you get like a 30% hit rate and it which is very very good. Hit rate means that 30% of your ads are doing very very good and they're scaling 30% is not 100%. 30% is not 70%. So even if you have 30% of ads that win you have 70% of ads that lose. So the worst thing that you can not that you that you can do is like avoid doing

learnings for losing ads, right? And so this is an example. The hook definitely could have been you know higher impact. It's a bit boring and better visuals next time. time. So these are just some learnings. The CTR was above 1.3 which is decent. The girlfriend angle seems to resonate better than others. So what I'm saying here is that these two girlfriend angles were both applied and both give gave uh above average uh you know KPI on the CTR which was maybe 1% on the ad account and now we're getting 1.3%.

Right. Uh hold rate was 35%. Definitely room for improvement but not too bad. And then general observations once again the girl friend angle was used. The hook was boring. Pace of the video was a bit fast-paced, right? Which was maybe not congruent to like what our audience resonates with. And then this was a short form video, less than 60 seconds, which is not the same as our winner, which is 4 minutes long. Maybe a VSSL or who knows, right? At the end of the day, it's not only about format, it's also

about like framing and scripts, right? So, I also would want to maybe do hypothesis on the scripts. Next steps, uh, we should try to create a better hook as a next step. If we bring that to 50% hook, it could get spend as there is some decent traction, meaning that it got some spend, you know, $200 with a good rorowaz, but it just did not have the chance to scale. Maybe because the hook was only 25%. So, if we can really increase that and make it better and we tell Facebook that, you know, people are

engaging with their ad in the first five seconds or 3 seconds, then maybe we have a shot. Okay, overall these are the steps. And step number five, which is the last one, is iterate based on your learnings. Right? Once you have your learnings right you do your hypothesis you do your test you wait seven to 14 days and then you analyze the results and the learnings once you do then you make your next tests okay this is how it should work and so it should be a cycle where you start with research you start

doing on on customer and also on the creative stuff you put down your hypothesis right and then you apply learnings after the test is over and then you apply next steps meaning a next the iteration aspect iteration when I say iteration yes I understand iterations means like you know maybe scaling a a winning ad but I also mean iteration I mean iterating on what didn't work as well that that's also a form of iteration right changing aspects to try to make a video work like the example that I shared over here right

this one over here so this is pretty much it guys the whole goal of this process is to get your hit rate from like below 3% right to like 15 to 30% so that then you can after not before after you can focus on doing more volume because one thing that I also spoke about within my community by the Okay, is that I have a member in my community that really likes the volume. But then I also reminded them that volume unless you have like a decent hit rate doesn't actually make sense because what happens

when you do a lot of volume and you maybe make it work a bit. What happens when you add team members and creative strategists? They probably won't be able to like do that type of volume cuz you know it it takes a lot of effort to do volume number one. But it's also very demotivating to see that all of your ads are basically failing except one out of of 100. Like literally it's not efficient. So we want to have the efficiency first. We want to go from you know low hit rate to like 15 30% hit

rate if possible. We increase our hit rate and then through this process right and then we apply a process where we can start scaling with more volume and we can go from like five to seven concepts a week. Once we get the hit rate we can go to 15 and then we can go to 20 and 30 and that's how also you can scale. I've seen a lot of companies get to over a million dollars a month just by testing you know five to seven concepts a week but well researched ones and that worked very very well and so it's just a matter

of that uh that process over there. Okay, that is it for this video. I know that I ranted a lot about these things. Let me know if you have any questions about this. You can get the sheet down below. As you can see, there's other people getting it uh already. There's I think it's a third link or second link or maybe fourth. I forgot what link it is on the description. But that is it for this video. If you are brand doing at least $100,000 a month and you want to explore the opportunity uh of working

with us, right, especially getting into Q1, you we're opening some slots for uh maybe December. I'll have to see. But definitely we take on calls and explore the opportunity. Okay, that is it for this video and see you in the next one. Bye.
