In today's video, I'm going to break down a company called Alt Fragrances. They're absolutely killing it. This is them over here. They're killing it in the online space. All of the revenue or most of the revenue is coming through online sales. This is their simple website, but simple yet effective because I'm going to bring you through exactly what they're doing on the creative side. That's actually allowing them to really scale aggressively. And they're doing over $50 million every

single year. That's right above $4 million every single month. How do I know that? Well, I can validate through, you know, references. I checked on Google, but also they're doing around 1 million in traffic. If we just build like a 3 4% conversion rate with their like most uh proven package that they're selling, which is like this is actually not their main page. They're doing like a a bundled offer, you see, for $499. This is what's selling the most for them. And so assuming that it's around

$4 to $5 million a month. Now, before we get further into the video, uh my name is Brando. I actually work with the 8 figureure companies as well, kind of like this one. Uh, I'm just showing you this just so you understand the type of caliber of data and clients that we typically are used to working with. In 30 days alone, they did over a million dollars a month. Okay, now that we've got the proof out of the way, let's jump right into the video. I'm going to break down exactly what they're doing from a

creator perspective so that we can better understand how they are producing these ads in the first place. I like to use this tool called ARA. It's very helpful. um they're doing videos 62% of their revenue is coming from videos and then images 37%. Most of uh just by knowing the nature of the product um most of these uh these image ads should be um not in all cases but in most cases retargeting but if there's one similarity that I see throughout all of their content library is that they are

absolutely killing it with UGC content. I've never seen a company do so much UGC content like they are pushing like they're all literally all of their videos even if you take a look at their ads library and this is exactly what I'm going to talk about in this video. You see they're all UGC uh you know types of content. This is like an interview but it's still very UGC type of content. They do street interviews all UGC content. So if there's one thing that I want to discuss in this video is

definitely UGC because it's one very very crucial aspect of everything. I'm also going to bring you through a quick Sora thing of how we actually reproduced the street interview with with Sora alone. So stick until the end if you want to see and you know take a look about that. Okay, now let's go further into the video. As you can see here, their website is very very simple. They're actually doing very direct offer. Uh if I take a look at what they're doing here and I go into landing

pages, you will see that all of these uh kind of like pages are not going to like a listical, not going to like some special uh advertorial or listical funnel, right? But they're all going to different products and bestsellers, right? So it's a very very kind of like distributed equally distributed um I guess digital real estate we can call it when it comes to like their their their funnels and their landing pages. This is definitely their most uh popular um where there is like uh you know the

option this is their most popular. There was an option here before I can't see it anymore for some reason. Maybe because I changed region. I was in US and because it took away my VPN and I saw like uh a buy, you know, buy three get one for free offer something like that where they save right the the the picture that I showed you not the picture the page that I showed you before. Anyways, let's go through a couple of concepts that I really really noticed when it comes to um what they're doing with their

advertising. So, first of all, I need you to understand that one of the most important aspects and this is something that we really leverage within our company to get results for our clients is research. Okay? Research on the customer and research on the creative. If you can combine these two things together and understand what your customer wants to hear or what they want to, you know, to see on video or in images, whatever, what triggers them and also understand their deepest desires, but also the type of creative and and

viral aspect of the creative side that works. If you can combine these two things together every single week and do learnings from them, then this is how you you can scale. So, I'm going to bring you through through this. This is what I want to touch base on when it comes to their UGC strategy. So, stick until this part at least, but it all starts with the top number one priority, which is the customer. We do research on Amazon, Reddit, Tik Tok. If there's one piece of research that I would do for

them is I would break down all of their uh their best viral ads we can which we can do later and read all the comments and read what is allowing people to like trigger through that message and convert. Right? So this is very crucial. I always talk about this in my other videos too. Analyze and collect the positives, the negatives, the buying triggers, the frustrations, the skepticism, everything that we can we can kind of like get from these ads. We want to put it into our kind of like I call it a holy creative document which

is actually a document that looks something like this holy doc right and so this is basically a document where we can put all of our learnings right Tik Tok research Amazon research customer research you know we highlight the best the key things that are like super important so that we can get learnings from you know create valuable hypothesis on our tests right which is really really important then we go ahead in the stage and understand their discovery how does this is really important how Does your ideal avatary

customer talk? What is happening in their life? Who do they want to become? Right? What is their motivation? In this case, we're selling fragrances mostly to men. And the idea is that we're selling cheaper fragrances that smell like expensive fragrances to get women and and become more attractive or there's many different funnels and and and pain points that they're they're running when when it comes to their ads and their UGC content. Once we gather all of this, we can gather pain points, angles, offers,

products, sales processes, desires. We can basically combine everything. And then the next thing that I want to do is collect what type of viral concept is working in the space. I took a look at what's going on in other spaces. And these kind of UGC videos are just really really working well for them or for other companies too. I mean Tik Tok is mostly UGC heavy but like look at the virality of these videos when it comes to fragrances. You know even the way that this guy does you know you probably

know this guy Jeremy Fragrance. If you don't he's like a fragrance influencer. He does a lot of UGC type of very organic content, right? And so, uh, street interviews is something that I saw, uh, that works super super well. But let's take a look at some of these ads so we have an understanding of what's actually working for them. Let's take a look at some ads. >> This is an exact match. So, this is my first time trying all fragrance. This is Duchess. It's supposed to smell like

this. If y'all don't know, this cost a lot of money even for this little thing. So, uh, first of all, what I'm really seeing, and this is something that you should do in your own brand, whatever you sell. What I'm seeing is that they're doing the UGC format, and it's working. Cool. Keep on doing it. But they're still diversifying with avatars and angles. So, they have different types of avatars. So, this we're going to take a look at what this guy is doing uh with uh, you know, what they're doing

here with their marketing. I'm going to click on this because you probably can't see it. It's cut, but this is an interview. This is another type of UGC video. This is a man talking to women. This is a woman talking probably to women and comparing prices. So the angles are many. It's about uh being, you know, smelling good of course for men, for women being more I also saw a video talking about how uh um it's important for women to be uh smell always good for their men and vice

versa. And also price objection, right? Sweet interviews where literally men go up to women and ask, "Let me just show you this." >> Smell good. >> For sure, >> right? >> Yeah. >> You smell really good. >> So good. And this is actually another this is a hook of a video which is of course like a TV show. And then this guy goes on and talks about something. You >> like a man? >> Okay, you bet. >> I had to figure out what clone this guy

was wearing. So I went down to the comments for extra help and it turns out this guy said that that guy was wearing Alt Reality, but it's mad expensive. So I looked around and found out that Alt Reality is not expensive. And I think I finally found a link that's super cheap. I'm going to leave it right here on this video. This is easily my favorite cologne that they have. It just smells >> This is super organic. Like I I could really see how this could work. Well, let's take a look at some other ads uh

for this guy. >> Imagination or reality? Imagination is my personal favorite fragrance of all time. However, it's like 350 bucks, but all reality is the same fragrance for a fraction of the price. Alt made. >> So, once again, very simple UGC video, but they're touching based on the right things. They're talking based, hey, would you want a $350 fragrance in your hands for $39? Yes. So, it's a very strong selling proposition. So, let me just click on this one because I like

this one a lot. Let me just open it up over here and let's take a look. >> I see you sniffing stuff. Sniff me right fast. >> You smell good. >> I smell good. You like that smell? Would you get some for your man? >> I sure will. That's good advertisement. >> Yeah, that's that crystal number 23 from all fragrance. Smell me one more time. >> Mhm. >> I smell good, don't I? Mhm. >> Can I borrow your nose right fast? >> Yeah. You smell me?

>> Smell good. >> I smell good. >> You smell good. What you got? Huh? You like that? >> Oh, I love men's cologne. What is that? >> That's that crystal number 23. I love >> this is of course avatars. The avatar is black. Uh this is for black men, you know, want to speaking with black women or whatever. So it's like in the black community. Uh works super super well. It has only been running for 2 days, but I I can I can promise you this will run for way more. Maybe this is a new uh

test. And by the way, one thing that you can do with these tools or whether you have these tools or not, if you can create similar scripts uh and transcribe the video so that you can just copy and paste that into chatbt and then eventually maybe do sora clips. I did a sora clip like this. Uh, it's not the best. I did it in like 2 minutes. So, keep in mind like you can always improve, but I literally did this in 2 minutes. I went here in ShajT and I said I want to create a scene where someone

is selling fragrances with a with an interview type of concept and I say I describe the interviewer and I describe the interviewe and I say I want three to four scenes with like this man kind of like something similar I wanted to recreate. It was not the best result but it kind of gives you an idea of like what you can do with AI. Uh, and then I'm going to talk about, you know, UGC investments in just a second, but let's take a look at this one first. >> I didn't warn you. [laughter]

>> HEY, quick favor. Can you smell my new cologne real quick? >> I'm trying to see if I'm actually wearable today. >> OH, NO. THAT ACTUALLY SMELLS TOO GOOD. WHY YOU TRYING? >> For example, this arm is like weirdly positioned, right? So, these are like the things with AI that's like you just have to regenerate. I just I did didn't want to spend 3 hours doing like you're not going to spend 3 hours, but I didn't want to spend like 20 minutes doing this. Uh, I just wanted to give you an

example for the video, but >> trying to set people up like that. >> Appreciate it. >> WAIT, NAH, THAT'S DANGEROUS. YOU GONNA MAKE SOMEBODY FALL IN love today >> for real? >> Don't >> like you can you can get clips and like put them together and like of course improve it and do it in a better way. Get rid of this funky arm. Uh, but you can like recreate something like that is a probably a winner just with AI nowadays. So, you know, if you don't have Sora, it's simple. You just need a

VPN if you're not in the US and you need an invite code. Um, and you know, people that have Sora can give you the invite code. uh you can just go through their in their discord on chaptt discord or sora discord and and you'll get some okay so that's it for this part of the video I do want to touch base on one very very important thing okay and this is the thing like once we understand what viral concepts work we understand everything about the customer we put these two things together then what we

want to do is analyze and break down winning ads and understand why they work like I'm I'm I'm combining all these concepts that work great I I want to understand why they work this is basically called learnings learnings you typically do after an ad is published. Meaning that you, you know, you have an hypothesis, you publish your video based on the hypothesis you made and then you have, you analyze two things, results and then learnings. What did I learn from this? Once we know that some ads

are just killers, whether it's within our ad account or just maybe our direct competitor or uh indirect competitors. What we want to do is like analyze every single aspect of this video like what was the highest desire the main pain points that were mentioned motivations address skepticism like try to make very valid and science and databacked uh hypothesises that you can then repurpose once you understand this then it makes sense to really get into UGC and there's two types of UGC's just to be very blunt

with you there's one type over here right let me just put do put put it like this one type is the traditional you know 100 to like $200 UDC that gives gives you like you know average quality in some cases like maybe out of 10 one or two work maybe sometimes zero work because the the quality is just like it doesn't look authentic. It looks very scripted even if you're not giving them like a specific script. But these people are like some of them will be gems, don't get me wrong, but like most of

them will just not. The other side is like a 1,000 to 2,000 plus UGC video, maybe with like two or three hooks or like one or two videos with like a killer UGC or like I would call it influencer. And so the influencer either has authority because they have an audience, right? or they just know what understand what goes viral. For example, how do we find these? And by the way, before I get into how we find find these, you need to understand that most of your competitors will only invest into $100, $200 UGC's. And so they will

test 10 and still spend $2,000 or let's just say like, yeah, $2,000 and barely find a winner rather than maybe testing three of these and then really find maybe even five. Let's just say you invest five grand, but one of them is like a real real good winner that spends $200,000 or $100,000 with a very very good ROI. And then of course the ROI is there. So of course, if you want to find like medium to super winners, this is definitely going to give you the highest chances. If you want to find like

mediocre winners and and just get a bit more lucky with the person that you're working with, then this is probably the option for you. I know that a lot of brands are getting a lot more into this. There's a reason why like uh companies like Dr. Squatch are like, you know, um, partnering with like Mike Tyson and um, you know, the the the famous actor. There's a reason because there's a direct ROI with that investment. Okay? And so maybe you don't want to partner with Mike Tyson because it would cost

probably millions of dollars, but you want to partner with people that have authority in their field, right? This is just an example what I would do, right? I would basically go in here and say fragrances for men. And then I notice, you know, what is going viral recently, for example, this one. if you're new to smelling good. >> And then I would just go in here and kind of do a partnership with this person if it's possible. Understand what the costs are. In some cases, one post will cost like $1,000,

uh $2,000, in some cases less. It depends. Another really cool uh uh um what do you call it? Cool platform is called Backstage. Here you can get really really sneaky because with backstage you can hire and filter and find whoever you want. And these are actors. What do actors do? They act well and so they they can act like a very good creator, right? So you can literally go in here and add the filters. In the filters, you can add location. Let's just say no specific location. Uh let's just say gender, we

want female, right? Age, we want minimum 30. Maximum 100. Cool. And then we can go by ethnicity. Let's just say we want uh black, right? View results. And then you will find it will give you like all of these like literally have acting experience. And they also in some cases do UGC, right? It got popular as like an act like hiring actors. But what I know for sure and based on my experience is that these people they are very expressive. They really know how to do their thing. And so and they cost way less compared

to like somebody that has like a trillion followers kind of like this person right or the uh where is it? This guy over here. He probably charges way more. These guys can probably be still around the$100 $200 per video. Um and they will do very good job if you just tell them what you really need. share them the the demos and the examples that you what you want to reproduce. You'll be surprised. So, if you want the cheapest option, this is definitely uh with the highest success rate, this is

definitely a great option. If you want like more like experience with virality and like more marketing where you have to like direct them less because they know what they're doing and they go viral literally every single day, then of course you go after these more expensive creators. I would test both and both uh our clients have tests in both and they both work very very well. Okay, so that is it for this part of the video, but it's really really important to kind of evaluate this for sure, but

also really understand the mechanisms of what make an ad work, whether it's UGC or not. Now, going back to what they were doing over here, I noticed that they're doing a lot of different UGC videos, which is obviously something that is working for them. Let's take a look at what they're doing with their image ads to see what type of image ads they're running. But a lot of these are like just direct offers, you know, state of the stars without the price. Yeah. Some of them are just also the you know

solution where everybody knows about fragrances right it's more of like a marketing tactic so they're definitely doing uh differentiation I would want to see a bit more differentiation when it comes to their their um their UGC type of content I always talk about differentiation over here diversifying your content for example if you know that this type of winning VSSL works maybe dissect it and understand what components made it work kind of like what I was talking about over here the components of the ad that makes it work

and then diversify the concept maybe do instead of a VSSL you do an UGC ad or maybe from a UGC ad you do like a storytelling um script where you just do like a long form copy with like a carousel or an image or maybe you do like a a grid review image like you doesn't have to be like a traditional UGC video. One thing that I did notice that note that they are also doing although they're not diversifying the concept too much uh in terms of like VSSL or um you know image they are definitely diversifying where is it

diversifying the types of video UGC videos that they're doing. Let me just tell you over here for example they're diversifying the angle. Uh this is an angle uh first of all showing a woman that is talking about price. This is another creator just doing a street interview. So a different type of concept. This is uh the same type of concept of the woman but for men. So the price thing. Then there's like this is more like a you know I saw this go viral or this is like the authority because

everybody maybe knows this shows. these shows have I've seen these shows many many times on my feed so I know like what they are and it's very organic and then there's somebody else you know pitching the price right so the angle is maybe going to be similar but the ways that they're presenting these UGC concepts are also very interesting uh you see different faces they're also doing uh whitelisting or partnerships so they're using the page of the creator uh for just more organic uh reach or sorry

more organic advertising I should say where it looks more raw and organic but you see the different types of faces let's take a look at another one >> pumpkin spice latte extract perfume. Before I spray it, we're just going to go through the notes. Okay. Orange, apple, ginger, creamy coconut, coarse pumpkin, vanilla. You see how this is like it's obviously a UGC video as a marker. I can see, but this is like really organic. It's not script. So, if you whenever you do UGC videos, you have

to be uh you have to have and work with people that just know how to make it feel organic. Let's take a look at this one. >> Oh my god. Hold on. No way. No way. There's actually no way. OH MY GOD. WHY DOES THIS ACTUALLY SMELL like Bakra 540? $400 versus $30. I'm going to go ahead and spread the real Bakr on my left arm. This $30 Bakra off the Tik Tok shop on my right arm. $400 rock first. Smells so good. $30 Bakar rock. Oh my god. Hold on. >> Okay, I understand what he's doing. I'm

not sure if this ad is going to run for long. It's been for 7 days, so maybe it's working. But you get the point. Hopefully this video was valuable. Let's take a look if I Yeah, there's one last quick thing is that they're very good at doing transformations. When I say transformation, it doesn't have to be physical. It can also be based on like a pain point like spending a lot instead of like not spending a lot like the the difference in price. It could be like not being attracted to women and then

being attracted to women because you have the fragrance. So, they definitely have a lot of footage and b-rolls from like uh current state versus future state. So, if you can implement divers uh transformations within your videos, then it's probably the most effective marketing strategy that you can leverage. Okay, that is it for this video. I hope this video was valuable. Definitely try UGC's, more expensive UGC's. Don't be afraid to invest. Uh worst case, you learn, right? But definitely get into the expensive ones.

Once you know for a fact, you studied, you done your learnings, you know exactly what's what's working, right? What I was talking about over here, you break down what's actually working, then you can maybe invest into more expensive UDCs. That is it for this video. As I said, if you are a brand doing at least $100,000 a month, plus or minus, go ahead and book a call with us if you want to explore the opportunity of working with us uh as growth partners. If not, that's cool. Uh that's it for

this video and see you in the next one. Bye.
