In today's video, I want to talk about two things, really important things. Number one, creative iteration scaling processes. I'm going to bring you through how we do it, at least the way that we do it. And then landing page is a very cool landing page trick that you can literally implement within 24 hours. And in sometimes it can even double, triple, quadruple the ad spend, the spend that you can actually like profitably spend on your ad account. In case you are a new viewer, my name is

Brando. I actively work with 8 figureure clients. This is just one of our own clients alone that generated over $230,000 in a single day. In fact, Black Friday day. Okay, now let's get right into it. The first I want to I know that I started with creative in the title first, but I want to talk about this landing page approach. Then I'm going to get into the creative side, but this approach is so effective and something that not a lot of companies do uh when it comes to growing and scaling their

ecom brand. And so this is just one of our own clients. I'm going to show you the ad account in just a second, but yesterday, not yesterday, but like on Black Friday, we spent almost $30,000 in sales. Uh sorry, $30,000 in ad spend with a 2.8x return on ad spend. And as you can see, we have, you know, two, three top spenders, clear top spenders. Of course, this was was mostly the Black Friday campaign, but other uh, you know, we have like ads that spend 1 2 3 4,000 uh dollars a day and spend individually

each adset, several in fact. But there's a really, really effective way to do this to really increase the spend, and it's to build custom pre-sale pages or landing pages. Literally, it's the most effective thing. Let me just show you the ad account very very quickly as you can just to show you some proof. uh yesterday uh I guess not even on Black Friday, this was yesterday where we spent uh $28,000 with a $2.79 return on ad spend as you can see across multiple uh types of you know adsets. And so one thing that is

something that a lot of people just don't do as I said is literally build custom landing pages that are congruent to the avatar and the angle that was pushed on the adset level or on the creative. So literally if you have an this is just an example so you just grasp it. Um, if you have a winning ad that's spending $13,000 a day, kind of like the ad that I just showed you, you know, uh, and the avatar is, you know, 50 plus year old woman losing uh, her energy as she ages. And the angle is

recover your energy with mushrooms, right? Simple angle, uh, you know, clear avatar. one thing that lowhanging fruit in instead of just sending them to like a a sales page, a general sales page or a general product page or a general landing page, we want to be like hyper specific with what we're trying to build here or send them to. At the end of the day, if you think about it, we are selling to people. And if you sell if you send people from one place to another very very very congruent place,

then of course you're going to have higher conversion rate. Why? Because it just makes a lot of sense for them to consume and buy your product because they're not essentially you're not sending them to a place that they didn't expect, right? And so this is a perfect example. I would create like three land listicles or advertorials or pre-sale pages, let's call them, about this UGC ad that spent a lot. And I would do the same exact thing with top spender number two and top spender number three and

four and five. Probably like the top five spenders I would do this approach with four. And so this is just an example, right? If we're selling to 50 plus year old women losing uh that are losing energy as they age, right? and the recovery energy with mushrooms angle. Then I would do something like, you know, how 10 thou thousand plus 40 plus year old women spiked their energy levels with one scoop of mushroom coffee every single day or seven reasons why 10,000 plus women took this viral as I

say women over 40 took this viral mushroom coffee to spike their energy levels daily or another one like how my 47year-old body got its energy back like in my 20s with one mushroom scoop a day or whatever. And so I wrote these in like, you know, 30 seconds. you can probably do better, but this is just an example for you to see. And then of course from here you can go to a sales page that then has like upsells. Like eventually you get to the point where all the funnel, right, is like specific to this, you know, 50 plus year old

Jennifer that is, you know, 50 and she's losing whatever. You get the point. So congruent landing pages is literally the the most lowhanging fruit. And I've seen uh personally clients double, triple, quadruple ad spend just because they're uh they're sending them to a much like a much more congruent landing page. So yeah, I not to rant about this too much, but this is super important. Let's dive deeper into creatives. What I want to talk about specifically is creative scaling with learnings and iterations.

How do we do learnings and how do we iterate to do more of what's working and uh and actually generally like scaling overall like how do we find winning ads? I guess it should have been more general the title. But I want you to understand one really really important things. Everything starts with understanding learnings about your recent tests. Okay? If you don't actually spend your time understanding of why things are working and whether or not, then it's pretty much you're you're just wasting your

time to be honest. You're just if you're launching like 20 50 ads a week or a month, whatever, and you're not doing this, they're just basically random or based on gut feeling or based on what you felt worked instead of like actually what you know worked. So, what I suggest you to do is basically get all of your ads that you tested in the last 7 to 14 days to even 30 days and put them into two groups, right? Losers, of course, and winners. And of course, I mean, unless you're like, you know, I don't

know, not living in this planet, most of the times in in all of the cases, winners are less than losers. Okay? And if it's flipped, something is is going it's not how it should be. I don't know. But in most cases, in all cases, you have less winners than losers, of course. And what you want to do is like deep do deep learnings on the types of of these creatives. What I like to do is actually do like a comparison, right? I kind of like do uh one versus the other where I try to get uh let's

just say one of my losing ads is a UGC video. I want to compare it with a winning UGC ad within the same uh you know industry. My own ads, right? I could do this with my own ads. I could get a winning UGC video and compare it to a losing UGC video. If you don't have a winning UGC video internally, you can literally go in like tools like ad spy and as I as I show you over here and literally like you know look for a UGC video like this one. This is literally a UGC video and you can compare it. What I

suggest is like having like creatives that if you compare creatives like having uh uh two creatives, one a loser, one a winner that are somewhat similar in the type of concept so that you can basically take away uh variables like sorry like you can keep the variable the same the UGC video and you can start doing learnings more effectively. So these are the questions that you need to start asking. But trust me, the video is the video is going to get a bit more interesting. But these are the questions

that you need to ask. Answer these questions and compare winner versus loser on the following. What were the angles in the two ads? What what angle did you use in the winning ad? What angle did you use in the in the losing ad? If the angle is the same, then this is automatically something you need to note. The angle is probably not the thing that made this ad loser because in fact, it's the same angle that we used in the winning ad. Right? These are the questions and the observations you need

to start making. What was the hook for the winner versus the loser? What was the winning pacing? Was it raw, organic? Was it fast-pacing? Was it uh slow paced? Right? What is the structural difference of the two ads? Meaning, how is this video structured in terms of hook? What happens after the hook? Is there like a failed solution section? Is there a problem solution section, right? How are the ads structured? Are the creators similar? Maybe the winning ad had a had a more expressive creator that

was more authentic. Maybe the two ads are basically the same. The only difference is the creator being a lot more authentic and real and just a better creator. So these are the observations we want to take. Look, trust me, if you don't actually write notes or take some time, like even 5, 10, 20 minutes, you you put you put your head down, you get a piece of paper or whatever on on Google Sheets and you literally make these observations, I can assure you that it's going to be way more effective than just like thinking

about it out loud because then you're going to forget. Okay? So you don't want to deal with that. So this is super important. And then did you did the ads both present an offer or no offer just raw video or how long were the videos? Was the winning video a two-minute video, a 30 seconds video? What about the loser? So you get the point as I say here. So we have to dissect and ask ourselves as much questions as possible so that we can dissect and understand and also you have to do learnings on

your indirect and direct competitors from competitors scaling it as I said over here. So if we go over here and we want to see what everyday dose is doing. Let's just say everyday dose is selling mostly to 30 20 to 30 year olds who want their energy back. I don't know as an example and let's just say I sell a same product or a different product doesn't matter but I'm selling to the same audience right then this is a good example of a brand that I can funnel hack and understand and do learnings for

or with because at least I'm sharing the same audience and so we want to do the same thing where eventually we get to a point where we have two buckets right loser learnings and winning learnings right and so we want to be able to basically come up with observations and things that we notice uh you know video over video over video, right? Maybe not in every video, but the majority of the videos have these traits, right? Because of course, there's always going to be a bunch of variables, right? So, we want

to keep it very simple. And we want to have losing, loser learnings, and winning learnings. And you will notice over time that these winning learnings are going to keep on stacking and keep on stacking. And so eventually what we want to do is get to a point where we build a process where we always keep into consideration what is just not making the videos work or the images work and what is making the videos work or the images work. And then we can start doing it more aggressive iterations because we know essentially

what is working and we keep that constant and then we change some elements within the the creative to start doing iterations and more aggressive scaling and also of course finding complete new winners. So this is an example. Let's just say this is a winning video. Then we can start creating, you know, the same ad but different creative concept or create a similar script with a different creator or just testing a drastically different hook variation and keeping the body the same. Right? Of course, with Andromeda

and all the updates, we want to make sure that there's as much variation in the hook as possible. So, don't just like change a couple of sentences, like change the visual, the the framing, how it's presented, uh the impact, uh the the imagery, right? Of course, the headlines are out, the hook is presented as well to be very diverse. And then other things like so eventually we want to get to a point where we do this. We uh we find winners and we put them into two buckets right your own winners which

is learnings from your own ads and then learnings from competitor or indirect competitor winning ads. And so you have basically you're making it impossible for you not to understand why certain ads are are generating the results. And then we combine this with two things customer research and creative research. Customer research is basically you go in, you know, on Reddit uh, you know, paint by numbers, whatever. This is what you're selling. Or we can just do like back pain. Um, and you can go on Reddit

and of course use the help with AI. Gemini is great for this. Um, Chad is good as well, but you basically go after forums and you make observations on what people are saying, right? Basically new things and new inspos, right? Another cool way to do it is that you can just literally go on the winning ads and not only you're uh going through the winning ad yourself and breaking it down, but you're also studying the the uh looking and doing research of the on the customer based on the comments and

everything they're saying in the comment area. Okay, so hopefully this makes sense. Uh but overall uh the other thing is is creative research which is what I just showed you. Basically finding brands, competitors or even within your uh creatives and understanding what is working, what is going viral. Most likely these new creative insight research are going to be from your competitors. Another one as I always say in my other videos is doing like Tik Tok. Tik Tok is a great tool to find new things and you can do like you know back

pain or uh you know other things. There's a bunch of videos. A lot of these are mostly UGC videos uh or B-rolls with voice over. That's just how Tik Tok works most of the times. But you can find a lot of winning uh videos and you can also actually click on the winning videos and do the same thing. Read the comments to get inspiration. So long story short, this is how we start doing iteration cycles. And this is just an example, right? So you keep the same avatar, you keep the same hook format,

you keep the same ad segment, you keep the same creator, and then you add like a new viral Reddit angle that you saw, right? So you're basically combining winning portions of what you know is working over and over, you know, analysis that you do, an hypothesis that you said, and then a completely new aspect within that video, which is a pretty big deal, like a complete new angle, right? Same thing is like same angle or same ad segment. Basically the same structure of the ad with the same angle but a potential complete new

avatar. Basically uh let's just say you're selling shoes and you are uh selling um you know to teachers because they're standing a lot. You can do the same thing with like another avatar which is like people that work in the kitchen, right? Or people that you know um do security jobs that stand a lot, right? So there's a bunch of different potential avatars that you can untap. And this is probably the the riskiest one because it's typically the the most diverse one. Like going after different

groups of people can be more risky, but it's definitely the one that can really really give you a different level of uh untapped potential revenues. Same thing. Another one is like same angle, same avatar or other elements and then like new viral Tik Tok concept, right? Or new v viral creative concepts that working. Or you can also like typically just combine these two, right? as long as you start you you like at least keep some winning elements because then it's just going to get riskier and riskier, the

more this uh this kind of like side outweighs the other one and the more it's going to be a riskier test. It doesn't mean that you can't do it. You just have to be, you know, uh, how do you say it in English? You have to just have the expectation that you're going to have a lower chance of hitting the ad just because it's riskier or and and the one that we do mostly is just like keeping as many winning constants as possible and getting one very new important iteration or variable would be

an avatar or typically an angle or a creative concept. Okay, so these are like some are like direct iterations, some are like more uh aggressive tests, but they work. Okay, that is it for this video, but you know, I wanted to do a quick video, but long story short, if there's a key takeaway, do your landing pages and sales pages for your top three to five winning ads, do it. You'll make more money. I can almost guarantee it. Like, this is if you do a good landing page, a good pre-sale page, you will see

that it's it's going to start getting some spend. But regardless if it's getting spent on the first try, you should keep putting time and resources into that because these ads are spending all the money. Literally, that is what is allowing you to get results. So, what if this ROS went from 2.7 to 3.5 just because you spent 24 hours or 1 day working on a landing page, which wasn't even hard to do. Plus, these page builders, like nowadays, you can literally whip a a landing page is like

2 hours. You have a template, you just change the copy, you put the images on, you you send it to the sales page, in two hours, you have a landing page or not even. And so, we want to start doing this. And then over here, understand winners and losers. Understand the difference. Do learnings, do analysis. I know that I always talk about in my other videos, but this is super important. If you understand why winners are winners and losers are losers, then you can uh you can do quite well. In fact, I'm also building a tool. Maybe

you give me some feedback. Uh this tool um I'm not sure if I'm ready to show it right now. Um in fact, you know, I'm going to do a separate video on it. I don't think it's pertain to this video, but I'm building a tool that is basically you just upload an ad and automatically it's going to give you like an ad breakdown and give you an analysis on why the ad worked or didn't work based on the metrics and based on analyzing the actual video. And it's going to give you a bunch of uh feedback

um to do these things like come up with new briefs, new iterations, ideas, and stuff like that. So, all of this is super important. Let me know if you have any questions. If you are a brand doing at least $100,000 a month and you want to get to the next level, whether it's 200K a month, 500K a month, 2 3 4 $5 million a month, whatever that is, we have experience working with 8 figureure companies. Book in a call and I'll see you on the other side. Um, and bye. See you in the next video.
