In today's video, I'm going to talk about one of the most important things when it comes to growing and scaling e-commerce brands, and that is learnings. Okay? I'm going to talk about how my clients and also other brands out there are scaling over $50,000 per day consistently by implementing learnings. Okay, before we get into the video, I have a lot of things to show you. I'm actually going to bring you through learnings myself of winning ads, of failed ads, and kind of like give you an

overview how these things actually work together. But before we get into the video, this is uh, you know, just one of our own clients, just so you have an understanding of the type of caliber of of clients and data that we have access to on a daily basis. They they did over $49,000 just yesterday alone. Okay, now that we got the proof out of the way, let's get right into the video. Okay, what I'm going to do is I'm going to break down an ad from Everyday Dose. This ad, I'm going to show you how, you

know, Everyday Dose is a, you know, multi-figure company. They're doing quite well. And so I'm going to show you how I found the ad and how I'm analyzing the ad along with learnings notes and observations which is by far one of the most important things when understanding why things work. Before we get into that, let me just show you very quickly one thing uh just you know introduce one very important concept and it's the winning foundations. I need you to understand one simple thing when it

comes to launching ads. There is two aspects right? You launch an ad and you have a winner and you launch an ad and you have a failed ad doesn't work. doesn't scale, doesn't spend, whatever that is. You have to be able to analyze both things. But when you hit a winner, you better understand exactly what made that winner a winner and start writing observations. So this, let me just read what I wrote over here. Studying winning foundations that make a winner a winner is one of the most right important and

profitable activities that you could you should be doing within your business. Right? If we can clearly uh specify or I guess observe elements within profitable videos, then we have a much higher likelihood of of success. I'm not able to write here. I'm not sure there's so many typos, but you get the point. And so if we actually understand them, then we're able to understand why they work and be able to replicate them. So what I have here an example of like imagine these are all winning videos. I want you

and this is what we do and also what 8 figure 9 figure giants do out there is that they start writing observations on why these specific ads work. These are just some examples 3 second frame uh by frame. So we observed that within all these videos there's always a consistent 3 seconds between one frame and another. So it's an editing style. Another example is that the majority of the videos were maybe girlfriend boyfriend angle, right? An observation to make maybe this is the angle that just not

maybe for sure that resonates the most with the audience. Another observation as an example, right? Shows instant proof in the hook. So the hook in most cases is represented by proof, right? Another example is that hook is is u has bold text on the top which clearly state a desire or a problem. Right? And you can read these on your own. You know once again here video subtitles are are simple and easy to read. Most winners mention X as a common field solution. Right? The hook are typically very impactful and satisfying to watch. All

these are observations that you should be taking. So, instead of just ranting about examples, I'm going to show you an ad that absolutely killed it that was launched in uh November 4th and today's, you know, November 17th and it's still active and has a bunch of engagement as you can see over here. What I'm going to do is break down this ad and tell you why it's a winner and also just write observations down so that we can then later kind of compare it to what I created here, but kind of like a failed

ad, okay? Just to compare with it. And most ads that you're going to launch on your ad account are going to be failed are sorry going to uh fail meaning that they're not going to spend they're not going to be profitable. So this is a perfect example. Then I'm also going to show you how I put these into a sheet to make everything super super clear. Okay. So let me show you how I found this ad first which is very important. I like to use a tool called to find brands and then I like to use a tool called ad spy

to actually verify that certain ads are spending because if we just use aa there's no social proof here. So, I could be filtering my longest running ads that are active, but this from what I could know is an ad that has been running for since September, right, which is, you know, a couple months, whatever, September, October, November. But it maybe spent only, you know, $300 or $1,000 just because it's active on the ad account. So, what I need is validation once I found the brand that I

want to funnel hack. And this is typically, right, uh, a competitor uh, that is direct or a competitor that that is indirect that shares the same audience. meaning that if I'm selling to 30-year-olds with back pain, at least I'm going after and studying a brand that is selling to that similar audience or same audience. So, I went here, I typed in everyday dose as a filter, as you can see over here. I also filtered by likes, you can filter by likes, by shares, whatever you want. And so, I did

not uh study or these ads that have a bunch of engagement just because they are uh very very top of funnel and middle of funnel. They're basically assuming that everybody already knows, you know, they're introducing like a this free product that people get when they buy the, you know, the full offer of their coffee. And so this is I decided not to do them, but then I I stumbled across this video that has a bunch of likes, right? Was launched uh November 3rd or 4th and is still uh seems to be active, right? And so this

is the ad that I found. Okay, I'm going to show you the ad first and then we can break it down. >> Of coffee, you have your caffeine elen. If you need caffeine to function, take alenine. carry too much weight in your midsection, take chaga. Can't stop eating junk, take lion's mane. And if your skin won't clear up, take collagen. This is what your gut looks like. And most people will spend hundreds of dollars on supplements to fix it. Let's forget about that because now you can

get those same benefits from one cup of coffee. You have your caffeine, althanine, chaga, lion's mane, and collagen all in one scoop. Not only is this sugar-free, but it's gluten-free, non-GMO, and made with clinically studied ingredients. Normally, this would cost you $45 for one bag. But now, you can get this entire bundle for just $25. So, if your gut looks like this and you don't want to spend money on this, I'll drop a link for this deal below, but grab it now because once you scroll,

you can never get this deal again. >> Okay, so this is an example of very, very good ad. It seems to be still active. I mean, if it it's not active, it's still I mean, this is the proof that you need, right? 10,000 likes, you know, a lot of comments, most shares, right? So I I would you know as I was reading through the comments I did notice that you know some of these comments were customers right I love everyday dose of course this is a a customer right all these comments but a lot of them were also just asking

questions about the product and you know we can go through the analysis in just a second but I chose this because you know the hook let's just go over the hook very quickly >> if you need caffeine to function take elenine carry too much weight in your midsection take chaga can't stop eating junk lines >> it's not really introducing the product it's talking about what you need the problems and then it it introduces the fact that you need supplements and a lot of supplements and very expensive

supplements and then it introduces the product later. Right? So once again I'm I'm going to show you exactly what's what's into this but once again you find the brand in Altra validate the success of a particular ad in in ad spy and then you can just study it and have a green light. I like to do this and I did this as example because if you don't have a winning ad yet you can just find inspiration or find uh an example of a winning ad that you can start uh studying and doing learnings for. Okay.

Uh let me just bring you through uh some learnings that I did and why it's a winner. So first of all, why it's a winner? Launched November 5th and it's still active today and it has a lot of engagement for such few days. Uh most uh mostly like most likely took all the majority of the spend or a big portion of the spend. Okay, we can make these assumptions because this has a lot of engagement. It's been active for a while and you know the proof is literally in front of us. Okay. And and so now that

we identify that this is a winner, let's start doing some learnings and and uh and then go from there. Let me just do one learning at a time. So these are some learnings and this is a real life example of how I would do learnings. Maybe my team does it a little bit different uh probably better but this is at least the highle foundation of how I would do a learnings on a video. So first of all I like to break it down by steps right hooks. Hook is the first thing and probably one of the most important things. So observation of the

hook is if you need a caffeine to function uh if you need caffeine to function take x. So they're basically implementing this need x get y element. It's like an element right? Do you do you need this to function or are you taking this to function? If so, get why. And so this element, it seems to be working for them. I'm not sure exactly what their hook rate is, right? Unfortunately, this is not an ad that we have in our ad account. So if you do have an ad and that is a winner in your

ad account, of course, you're going to have more data, right? But if you don't, uh regardless of if you have it or or not, I would still, you know, do learnings on on these types of ads. So need get y element in the hook with three different pain points. What were the three different pain points? it was energy or sorry caffeine or sweets like sugar and having cravings on sugar and something else. I forgot what it was but I basically would write them down over here. And another element that I noticed

is that it's clearly saying your gut. This is the first thing that kind of pops out in the in the hook. And so your gut uh you know arrow in the hook to make it very clear and you know we can clearly see it within the uh the ad as we can see over here. >> And if your skin won't caffeine to function, >> right? This is a very, you know, the most prominent thing that you probably see um in in the hook. Okay. So, these are just once again observations. I'm not saying that this element breaks or

makes the ad. Maybe it does. Who knows? But what we're trying to do is make, you know, datadriven uh analysis here, hypothesis, right? So, let me just continue with the analysis. The entire uh uh the entirety of the video, and you're there's going to be some typos here, so bear with me. The entirety of the video is show don't tell. It's effective as they are showing what the gut actually looks like after all the things mentioned caffeine junk etc. So you're not just saying something you're

literally showing them by showing them elements of like literally a bucket that looks extremely growth which uh consists of what people are taking in their body their gut and then exactly what how much medicine they need or supplements they need or whatever it is they're getting that they need to fix their gut which is numerous and expensive and that's what they say later on. Okay. So it also shows it's also showing how many pills and supplements as I said people are need to to get rid of the problems and

the habits that they just mentioned. Right? Let me just play this part of the video so you know and understand what I mean by that. So they're saying you do >> you need caffeine to function? Take elenine. Carry too much weight in your midsection? Take chaga. Can't stop eating junk? Take lion's mane. And if your skin won't clear up, take collagen. This is what your gut looks like. And most people will spend hundreds of dollars. So this is show don't tell kind of framework which I think is really

really effective. It's way easier to follow an example or a video or a claim uh any type of claim if you actually show them a demo or show them an example so they visually understand it right people uh assume imagery more than they uh kind of like not assume but how do you say what's the term they essentially understand imagery more than than just words and listening to audio. So this is a very important element right and and I made some observations on this. So, one other thing is that they mention how

expensive it is like hundreds of dollars quote unquote and it's and which is it is to support all these supplements. As I said before, they're also claiming other than showing and not telling, they're also showing the money and how expens expensive it is to have all those supplements to solve their sugar problems, cravings, caffeine cravings, and all that stuff. Then it says now you can get the same benefit in one cup of coffee. And so it provides a simplified cost-effective solution, right? And so

it's basically putting all the problems. This is what you get. These are the this is what you need to solve what you get. And this is essentially how much is it's costing you. You don't need all that. You need everything. Every because everything is in one simple cup of coffee, right? So I like how this is being framed very effectively. And so the video also mentions the healthy ingredients of the coffee and also what unhealthy ingredients it does not have like sugar for example or that it's non

GMO and stuff like that. Let me just show you that part >> on supplements to fix it. Let's forget about that because now you can get those same benefits from one cup of coffee. You have your caffeine, althanine, chaga, >> caffeine, althenine, chaga. All these things are the fun the essentially the product specs. >> Lion's mane and collagen all in one scoop. Not only is this sugar-free, but it's gluten-free, >> sugar free, gluten free, >> non GMO, and made with clinically

studied ingredients. Normally, this would cost you four, >> etc. And so now they're getting to the portion of the offer, which was my next point over here. The offer is being presented at 75% of the video, 50% off, and the ending call to action is so if you got uh if your gut looks like this and you don't want to spend this amount, then get this. It's very once again visually very easy to understand and the urgency is like you know they have urgency and scarcity saying claiming that you know

this is the only place where they can get it so they have to click on the deal right now. So all of these are just very you know interesting observations um that I think are just making or breaking the video right. So, let me just show you that part just to end it off. >> $45 for one bag, but now you can get this entire bundle for just $25. So, if your gut looks like this >> once again, looks like this. Gross. >> And you don't want to spend money on this, I'll drop a link for this deal

below, but grab it now because once you scroll, you can never get this deal again. If you need C. >> Yeah. So, this is just a good video. I'm not surprised it has this engagement and scaling. And this is probably going to stay active for for more. So, let's go back to over here. There is one other thing that I like to do when I analyze these videos once again whether it's my own videos of my own clients or the brand like our own uh the videos that are launched and winners or whether I

like to do it for a competitor that is in direct or direct. I like to read comments. So if there's one observation that I made over here is that a lot of people were requesting uh questions about tastes. How does it taste? How good is it? How bad is it? Whatever. Because then you know that is obviously an objection. In fact, if you can take a look at here, what does the the taste um what does this taste like? Or what does it taste like? Is it sweet or what does it taste like? Again, just same exact

question. What does it taste like? Same exact questions, different people. What does it taste like? I can't force down something that that tastes so bad no matter how good it is for me. So, I mean, once again, these are all like claims and you know, there's like maybe 10 uh 10 or 15 other more uh claims like this that I pro and probably even more that I didn't even even catch out of like 4 or 500 comments. So, it's definitely like something that is that is bringing uh that people are bringing

it up. And so, the hypothesis here is a common question about taste. Maybe we could it could be worth mentioning something about taste within the video or maybe having the creator like doing a very pleasing phase when they're testing when they're testing the the flavor, right? And so, these are all like elements that can improve this iteration if we iterate on this concept or this style of video with these observations. Okay? Hopefully, you got some value out of this, right? If you you know once

again how can we do learnings? You can do that in two ways. You can do it with your own ads right where you have a bit more data or a lot more data. So cost per click you know clickthrough rate uh you know CTR uh hold rate hook rate all these things. Or you can do it with indirect or direct competitors. Indirect competitors just probably means that something that sh is a shared audience right we need to at least have the same shared audience or else it's you know it's kind of like swinging too uh too

far away. You can still take inspiration when it comes to concepts, but if you want to just break down like a winner, I would probably do it with direct or indirect competitors. Okay, now let's take an example of a loser so that we can take uh um kind of like do a comparison of okay, we broke down a winner. Now that I got a loser on the ad account, which is most likely that I'm going to get cuz most of the ads that we're going to launch are going to be losers, probably like 80 90 um maybe in

some people even 99% of the time. So, let's break down a loser and kind of like pretend that this is an ad uh of the same brand. Let's coffee, right? So, let's take as an example. There's two things that I want to do when I receive a failed ad. Whether it's a failed ad or it's a winning ad, I want to record results. What were the results like and learnings? And by the way, I like to have everything into a demo command center where every concept we launch literally goes in here so that it's very

clear on, you know, what the angle is, the marketing angle, the awareness stage, the avatar, etc. And then I have like three columns. One is for the hypothesis which is where you guys need to fill it up before you launch the ad in the ad account and then we have two other columns which is for the later after you know you receive data from the the test the results so the you know the rorowaz the spend and the learnings okay so that we can have better tests moving forward very very important components

you can get the sheets I think it's a third or fourth link down below it's completely free uh just use it because this is one of the most important things is tracking your creative efficiency or inefficiency to make it better and increase your hit Because then, you know, a lot of people just scale. I have some clients that came to us where they were like doing 30, 40, 50 concepts a week and then I asked them, "What what is your hit rate? It must be amazing if you're scaling." And they're like, "Oh,

no, it's like below 1% or 2%." That is just not the best way to do it in my opinion. You should have a good hit rate on your ads and once you do, you can start scaling later, right? And as soon as your hit rate starts to go down, you take a step back. Okay? So, this is what I would do. Let's let's go over this example of a loser. You know, results spend over $150 in the 7-day window, which isn't a lot. It's going to be dependent on your scale and how much you're spending, but even if you're

spending like five uh, you know, $600, $700, $800 a day in spend, you know, $150 for the week isn't much, right? Uh, it's not getting a lot of spend. So, the results were not the worst as it did get some spend, right? There's even worse where it gets like $1 spend. Uh, and the ROS was just, you know, 2x, which is actually good, not just, it was just like a good ro for the ad account. Okay. learnings, hook rate, and these are this is kind of like an hypothesis. So, you know what I need you to understand is is

understand the way that I'm thinking when it comes to like analyzing a loser and comparing it to a winner, right? Hook rate was 20%. If the hook rate is 20%, we have to ask yourself why and write it down. And the first observation could have been that it's quite boring. It's not very visually interesting or engaging. Similar uh or engaging like the other winner that we just analyzed. The other winner was like very visually like engaging. It touched based on like really interesting topics and it was

like just visual. It was it was like show don't tell, right? And so this hook maybe wasn't and that's why it sucks, right? Good hook is like, you know, 50%, 60%, if you have like 50 60% hooks, you can do quite well. CTR was above uh 1.7, which is good, above average could prove that the caffeine angle is really resonating. And so, you know, uh I just put this caffeine angle as an example. But if this was the caffeine angle and then we also maybe noticed that the caffeine angle is just really working

better than other accounts uh than other ads sorry then maybe this is worth mentioning if something is working even if it's a failed ad if you have a metric that's giving you good good success rates um um good numbers good KPIs then note it down for example this one this you know CTR is like ad relevance and how interesting people interested people are at engaging with your ad so long story short if you're saying something or if you're talking about an a topic that people are interested in of CTR is

higher. Hold rate was 35%. Definitely room for improvement, but not too bad. I didn't comment on this too much. Uh general observations about this failed ad was that, you know, it was a caffeine angle. The hook was boring. The pace of the video was a bit slow paced compared to winners, which was a bit faster paced. Uh and I'm comparing it, for example, to this video. Uh once again, that was pretty fastpaced. >> Caffeine to function. Take LC. Carry too much weight in your midsection.

>> Take cha is kind of like very fast-paced. And I'm not surprised because uh the usual demographic for this is like 20 to like 35 I think if I'm not mistaken. And so it makes sense that it's you know it's a bit more fast-paced um with these types of videos. And so this was a long form video. The failed ad was more than 4 minutes long. Uh the longer videos haven't giving us great results. This is just an observation that I wanted to make. Uh assuming this was maybe a VSSL

that's 4 minutes long and they're not literally all VSSLs and all 4-minute videos that are long. Uh, sorry. All videos that are four minutes long are just not working. This could be maybe an issue with the formatting because it's too long and people don't care, especially especially if I'm like selling like a, you know, coffee or something like that. And so next steps, these could be potential next steps, right? We should try to recreate a better hook as a next test. Recreating a

hook is like the fastest and most effective thing you can do. And so if we if we bring the hook to 50% it could get spend as as there's some decent traction in in the uh in the results meaning that it did get some spend and it did get a profitable ro uh you know 2x which is good and so there is like there are some components of this ad that are giving like some you know some good um direction and then another example is I want to test a more show don't tell approach similar to our winner and so

what I'm doing here once again is I'm I'm kind of like comparing uh and I show this here where is it I'm comparing uh kind of like failed ads with like winners or not necessarily like black and white like what did the winner do visually and what did the loser do visually but more like observations. The winner had these elements and the loser had these elements. This is a great way to start making observations and learnings right and so this is this is the end of the video guys. I I just wanted to bring you

through this process. I know that it was maybe a bit more of a less dynamic video, but if you add learnings and this process within your business, you will always understand or have you're basically 100 times 100 steps ahead of of of the competition because most people don't actually take the time to go in here and write their learnings down and do hypothesis, right? They don't do all these things. They don't even track their hit rate. They don't track anything. So, if you can take, you

know, 10, 15 more minutes, right? probably do this once a day. You spend 30 minutes every single day analyzing and studying and review reviewing your ads that you launch on a weekly basis, right? Your ads are going to be more effective in the future. Even if your claims and your hypothesis and what you think, right, your observation, even if they're not all right and correct, at least you're making educated decisions, right? We're not robots. I know I'm definitely not like, you know, a genius

here. I'm just a person that is taking the time, not reinventing the wheel, just taking the time, taking a step back and trying to understand why certain things are giving good results and why certain things are just not giving results at all. At the end of the day, we're studying we're studying people, okay? We're not studying like these, you know, weird and strange creatures. We're studying people just like us and we have to like recognize patterns. That's that's all it is. Okay, that is it for

this video. I hope this video was valuable. If you are a brand doing at least $100,000 a month, whether you're doing 100k, 500k, 2 million a month, whatever it is, we have experience working with 8 figureure businesses. If you want to scale to the next level and explore the opportunity of of doing business with us and growing as growth partners, you know what to do. You can click the link below and book in a call and and then we can take it from there. That is it for this video and see you in

the next one. Bye.
