In today's video, I'm going to break down one of the most important principles when it comes to scaling an e-commerce business. In fact, scaling to 30, 40, 50 plus thousand days is exactly what I'm going to talk about in this video and the strategy that you need to utilize to get you there in the easiest and fastest, most seamless uh way possible. Okay, in case you don't know who I am, my name is Brando. I actively work with clients of this caliber that do 30, 40, 50, even up to $100,000 day

in sales. As you can see here in December 17th, this client alone did over $40,000 in sales. as you can see over here. Now, now that I got the proof out of the way and you know that I'm qualified to speak about the topic, let's dive right in. I'm going to talk about so many different important things. As you can see, a lot of different things to talk about. Most importantly, I'm going to bring you through a practical a real life practical example of exactly the strategy that I'm going to discuss with

market segments. I'm going to specifically talk about how we can scale with market segments and avatars in this video. So the first most important principle and foundation that you need to understand is that if you want to go after especially if you want to go after a competitive craven market that is hungry and is a red ocean market. If you don't know whether the red ocean market basically means it's a crowded very very competitive market. If you want to go after those markets which you know you

should because they are extremely big billion dollar industries you can't just go after you know you know a very very broad avatar. You have to go after specific market segments to give you a shot at it. So what does this mean? Building specific ads in a specific sales process to a specific market segment that has one main problem and one main desire and one main pain point. Okay, this is how you should approach most people when they approach broad red ocean uh offers and and segments. This

is what they look like compared to the industry. They're this small gray, you know, dot in the middle of an ocean and the market basically devours them. They don't even give them a shot at it. It's just like very very hard to make it, you know, in the game. If you want to go after an example of a very broad, you know, uh, avatar is a four, you know, not even four-year-old, honestly. Sally who has back pain. Sally who has back pain could be anyone, right? So, we have to be very very specific. What does this

actually uh give us? Well, this gives us high CPM. So, if you're seeing very very high CPMs, right, most people say you're not in charge of like you can't control CPM. You actually can depending on the way that you build your ads and depending on who you're targeting. So, if you're target if you have high CPMs, most likely you're in a very very very competitive space. If your CPMs are low, you're in a less competitive market. Perfect example is comparing I'm going

to show you here very quickly out of the diagram here. comparing the US market, right, compared to the European market. The European market is smaller, right, and less competitive. Therefore, this, you know, this is more of a blue ocean market. So, how many times have you seen like people just get winning concepts in the US and dragging them over to the, you know, to Europe and then they can scale because their CPMs are so low? Like we've seen it so many times, right? So, that is a perfect example of, you

know, of what I'm talking about right now. And so, high CPMs, it's hard to scale. High cost per acquisition, very, very hard. Is it possible to like still go broad and make it and scale to like a million a month or more? Absolutely yes. But it's way way harder. Okay, way harder. This is how you need to start thinking about scaling, especially if you want to get to a million a month or more. Okay, 1 2 3 5 10 million. It's like the same thing. Okay, first of all, this is how your avatar should look like

over uh like as you get into this game, right? It shouldn't be Sally who has back pain or neck pain or whatever, right? It should be 40-year-old Sally who is a nurse as an example and works 12-hour shifts and has a chronic back pain. She needs a solution right now to show up for work in a healthy matter and and to be there for her kids. This is an example of, you know, instead of going uh after 400 million Americans or 300 million Americans Americans, you go after maybe a pocket of 8 to 10 million

Americans, which is, you know, around I think that's the number for nurses like 5 or 6 million. If you also include like other uh you know, people in the medical industry, you get up to like 8 million. So maybe this is a little bit uh you know, of a smaller market, but it's still scalable. As long as you have like 5 to 10 million people that you can target at least it's a big enough market assuming the the average over value is around $80 to $100 that's a big enough you know market to go after to justify

this. So this is what you should look like red ocean. You then niche down and create a blue ocean environment so that you this small little green uh you know not green but um gray dot but you become not part of this ocean but part of this less competitive less crowded ocean. So this becomes your circle right? Maybe you're just competing against 1 2 3 five competitors instead of like literally tens and dozens of competitors, new competitors every single week, right? That's, you know, that's how it works to

scale further. This is how you should approach it eventually, right? You go after each specific avatars. And then right now in this video, I'm going to show you exactly what types of funnels to build to make this work in a much better way. But before we get into this, uh, just to clarify, you know, the hard way, just to show you one last time, is going after red ocean and doing broad ads. This gives you high CPMs and high cost per clicks. I do have to say one thing that you can make this work. It's

not that I haven't seen this work, but your metrics, your funnel metrics, your revenue per visitor must be extremely strong. So, I'll just give you some two scenarios so that you understand if you want to still go after this, you know, hard methodology. You know, go after it. But at least you I want to show you what you should do to make this work. Then I'm going to show you the easier way in another kind of like strategy and format. So, you must have high revenue per visitor. We can assume one thing. If

you go after a market like this that looks like very crowded and very red, very competitive, your cost per clicks are most likely going to be more than $2, $2.5, $3. And I see this across my clients as well, okay? And so $3, let's just say it's the cost per click is $3. If this is your cost per click, in order to be profitable, every single time you spend $3 or every single time you get a visitor on your store, you need to generate more than $3 back, right? Or else you're not profitable. And so to be

profitable, you essentially need, you know, five five six seven $8 revenue per visitor, which is basically just to keep it simple for you, you need a $200 average order value with a 4% conversion rate. If you multiply the two, that's 800. If you divide by 100, that's eight. This is your revenue per visitor for every 100 visitors, right? $800, right? Uh yes. Uh sorry, every visitor is worth $8. And so this gives you a 2.6 rorowaz, which is amazing. But to in order to achieve this, you have to like have a

killer strategy with your funnel, right? You have to have a very very good funnel. Funnels that look like this, right? So, I'm not saying that you shouldn't do this. You should absolutely strive for a funnel that is this strong. But I'm just saying that if you go after a competitive market like this, this these funnel metrics are the only metrics that will allow you to go past profitability. You you know what I mean? It's like you need a strong strong strong funnel in order for for to just

get a two row, you know, a 2.3 rorowz. Okay, not saying a two row is not good, but it's way harder. Okay, so this is the pro. What I'm showing you here, by the way, is just like a full-fledged funnel with like, you know, BSLs, advertorial, sales pages, order bumps, post purchase, upsells, thank you pages, whatever, all that stuff. You should definitely do this. But I'm just saying that you have you need this to make this red ocean work. This other methodology is just a lot more targeted. Once again,

we do research on one specific avatar. We identify market gaps or market segments. This could be instead of going after everyone, we just go after a market segment like black people or religious people. Or we go after a market segment that is specifically related to like joint pain because they had injuries or back pain because they are nurses, right? Specific more more tight in groups. And so this allows us to then create specific ads, right? And then a completely personalized sales process. What you will see is that

you're going to start seeing lower CPM. Maybe instead of $50 to $100, you're going to start seeing 15, 20, maximum $30, which is way more scalable. And of course, a much lower cost per click, instead of two, $3, maybe even one or below a dollar, or like 1.5, 1.3, which is way more sustainable for the brand. And guess what? You don't need, although it helps a lot, you don't need a killer killer killer killer break it or make it funnel that gives you like an $800, you know, $8 revenue per visitor. Even a

funnel like this, which is a lot more standard, can really allow you to scale enough, right? In fact, I have clients right now that have around a $200 to $300, you know, proportion. If you multiply the AOV and the conversion rate, basically a revenue per visitor of around $2.5 to $3. And because their cost per clicks are around $1.3, $1, 1.5, they're essentially making money. And so, as an example, if you have a $2.8 revenue per visitor and your cost per click is around $1.2, of course, you

can do the math. 2.8 divided by 1.2 2 is a 2.3x return on ad spend. You see how easier it is just by changing the way that you approach the market. And and guess what? You can basically scale by just once again going after this model where you you go and and essentially own this red ocean market but in your own ways by scaling more horizontally and building custom funnels. Right? So this is pretty much what I want to talk about in this video. Keep one thing in mind. Let me just read what I wrote over here.

I'm not saying to not work on your sales process as I said before to achieve a better revenue per visitor. Of course, if you go after a less competitive market segment that gives you better cost uh um uh per click and lower CPM and at least the same and at least at the same time you have a killer sales process, then basically you have the best funnel with the best funnel metrics and you can scale even more, right? And own the market. Okay, so just keep in mind one other thing that is really

really important. Remember how I told you that you know you should get lower CPMs in a less crowded market. This is not true if your addressable market is just too small. I'll give you an example here. If you go after red ocean market, but you target only black people that have, you know, that are nurses that have back pain and that have back pain because they have injuries. You know, of course, there's only probably going to be like, you know, 10,000 people like that in the United States. That is not

scalable. So, it's more expensive for Facebook to give you like target those specific people. So, of course, your CPM can also be high, right? Either for in two scenarios to keep it very simple. when your target market or your market segment is just way too uh shrked and small, not scalable, right? Or if it's just like so so so broad and so so so competitive, right? And by the way, the CPMs in a broad big market are only high because it's competitive, not because it's necessarily broad. You can go after

a broad market that is not competitive at all, right? In its own way, and still achieve a good, very good, healthy CPN because it's not competitive. The only reason you're seeing 50 40 50 60 70 80 $100 CPMs is because you're going after the like skincare in the US. That's it. Like you're targeting, you know, anybody in the US skinare. This just not sustainable, right? And so we want to go after this type of scalability where it's still small but not too small and not like this. This is not scalable and

this is scalable. Okay, hopefully you understand what I mean by all this, right? And so this is the way to scale. As I said before, you start creating these pools of blue ocean market segments that for example, one is could be stretch mark segment people that have let's just say we're doing weight loss which is extremely saturated in the industry. We're going after you know people that have stretch marks specifically and although there are a lot of people that have stretch marks maybe the market is you know not as big

of course as this red ocean. So this would be an example. And then you have a stretch mark funnel. Step one, step two, step one, step one could be the advert. Step two could be the sales page. Step three could be your order form. Whatever you you know you you understand what I mean. But this has to be congruent eventually. Maybe not in the start when you're testing your ads, but when you see ads that work with the segment, then you have to start optimizing and and uh creating a congruent funnel. Same thing

for another one. This could be just menopause segment, right? This could also, once again, these are just some ideas. They could be too broad. I know that menopause is very very competitive. So you maybe want to dive deep deeper. So this is just an example based on you know uh probably like menopause for weight loss right could be a scenario. Uh and so you have a menopause funnel. Another one could be a confidence segment weight loss and confidence for moms that are over 40 and want to gain back their confidence and their inner

beauty and their outer beauty to be more confident with their partner so that they don't leave them. I don't know like this could be another segment another example but once again the confidence funnel would go uh and be would have to be connected to the ads talking about confidence and the market segment overall. So this is how you scale. You have to start seeing this as as scaling horizontally. Okay, hopefully you understand what I mean. Before I I give you the blueprint on how to test this

and put this in action, let me just show you uh you know a real life example of a company that does this in real life. Uh Bug MD does this very very well. So they go after you know people that are dealing with you know pest. This is a pest control company where they, you know, they they go after fleas or uh roaches and you know uh anything pretty much. And so this is targeting dog owners which is one market segment. Well, if you open up another uh you know another uh funnel, this is about mice. I

guess it's a different product. Let me see if I can find something else. This is about uh the spending angle. So going after a different angle. So here you're just going after dog owners. Here you're going after like spending thousands of dollars which is like it is also kind of like a different market segment. You can actually approach different market segment just by shifting your angle and the way that you're presenting your product. So they are scaling horizontally with different funnels

because they're catering to different types of people. Therefore going after different market segments. Okay. So this is a perfect example of a company that's killing it with this strategy. So they're going after these personas like the homeowner that is concerned the concerned pet parent concerned parent busy mom. You see, it's like they they they're building custom funnels just for that. And this is just one of their pages. They have like three, four, five, maybe even 10 other pages that have 200

active ads. Okay, so this is just an example. How do we test all of this? Because I have some clients right now and we're doing this actively with some of our clients. They have their CPM is just so high um since we started onboarding and we're just trying to go after lower and less expensive CPM. So the first thing that I would do if I were you and this is how we do it internally at our agency at least is that we just start we don't worry about the the back end. We just send traffic

to a general or a good enough landing page or sales page and we just want to test market segments and avatars. Okay. And then you know one could be the menopause one could be the stretch marks due to you know having you know weight loss journey one could be just like about the the confidence angle like whatever it is whether it's angle or like a different persona. Maybe you'll go after the broad market, but just in a specific Latino market or black market, you're start you want to test your

market segments. As you do that, you're going to start seeing that some ads other than just giving you a way better CPM are also going to be profitable or better than break even and giving you better results than what you're getting right now. If that is the case, once we validate that process, even if it's just break even or we're seeing just even if it's just break even and the CPM is lower, that is a win. Like you're achieving a break even with a low CPM. Now you just have to make better ads and

send them to a better funnel. Like even that is good enough or is good enough for us to start creating a congruent funnel for that specific avatars and angles. Okay, this is really important. Now I want to bring you through three, four or five examples of like real life examples of what a broad persona is and a target persona is that caters to a specific market segment so that you can understand the the difference. Right? An example here would be of a broad persona, people who want to get more lean. You know how many people want to

get more lean? It's like so many. Another example, you have a targeted persona, which is a better one, is like 25 to 40 year old postpartum mom has uh gained weight and fat during pregnancy and feels stuck. You see how like assuming there's market, you know, I haven't done direct research on this. We would have to see the data, but um I would say that there's probably over 5 to 10 million people in the just in the United States that are within this persona. Let's just say the product is a

supplement or some sort of program. And so an uh an example of a congruent sales process would be eventually, right, once we prove it with this strategy over here, then we would go here and do like a raw UGC ad. Mom doing a selfie UGC ad while holding her baby, ranting about how much weight and fat she had gained due to her pregnancy. And she is then organically mentioning uh you know, I mentioned Vshre as a solution uh just because it's a it's a good company um that does like these weight loss things,

mentioning Vshre and how it helped uh her go back even what am I saying? helped her go back in even better shape before she was even pregnant, right? And so they would send her to like this ad uh raw UGC to like a storytelling case study advertorial, you know, I didn't recognize my body. This would be the title of the advertorial, right? I didn't recognize my body after my baby. Here's what I finally helped me feel like me again. Or how I lost the baby weight without giving up sleep, sanity,

or carbs. And basically, this is a story uh that is congruent to the ad that they just saw. And then they go over to a sales page or whatever. Another example, I'm just going to keep the example I think with Vshred because it's it's within this uh this example. Another persona would be people who want to get rid of belly fat, right? You know how many people want to get rid of belly fat? It could be a man, could be a woman, could be a woman in her 50s, a woman in her 20s. Like there's so it's

just such a broad uh target persona. So, a better one would be target a persona that is 30-year-old Josh that works 10 plus hours a day on a desk, doesn't move, no diet, has belly fat, and has low self-esteem, and can't find a girlfriend. Of course, this is maybe a bit exaggerated. Uh, so we would probably have to um go after a specific pain point. So like can't find a girlfriend. So like a painoint on the confidence angle, right? And so this would probably be uh an example of a congruent sales process would be a

transformational kind of like story, BSL ad or whatever of some sort. And this should be a very raw testimonial ad of like Josh, this persona, bringing people through their mental and physical struggles of being fat and looking bad or being overweight and then being insecure, not being able to attract women or whatever. And then the transformational advertorial, something like that and of a title like here's how Josh lost 30 lbs in 5 months and went from a 3 out of 10 confidence level to a 9 out of 10 which is a big statement,

right? And then you have like a sales page and then upsells and whatever. Another example, I'm just going to keep feeding you examples because I feel like talking in theory is helpful, but to a certain extent. So, here are just like real life examples. Broad persona would be people want to get more muscle, right? I'm keeping it in the kind of like um supplement weight loss um kind of avatar or red ocean because it's really really red like weight loss and supplements are just really and even

like just training programs whatever is really really competitive and so a target persona better one would be 20 to 35year-old Gavin works out three to four times a week eats a lot trying to get muscle and despite trying for one to five years he can't no matter how much I eat this is what he says or lift I still look like a a string bean he can't bulk up, right? So, this is a lot more targeted, right? And so, maybe an example here would be like a a fit trainer talking about common mistakes,

right? So, we would have the person that is like looking good on camera. This could be the trainer. This could be anybody, an avatar, uh, a UGC creator, somebody that who is fit, who these types of people who this Gavin aspires to, right? And so, they talk about mistakes and calls out the avatar directly. And then they go to like a seven reason why advertorial from a trainer, right? Seven reasons why you you you still can't build muscle even though you train hard or skinny but lifting. These seven mistakes are why

you're not gaining any muscle, right? And then you go to the product page, you get the point. Here's a last example just so you understand it on a deeper level. Let's just say broad persona woman uh who wants to get to, right? This persona is very very broad, very broad. And so a better persona would be a 48-year-old Sally example that cannot get rid of her flappy arms. she can't lose more weight due to her being already skinny. You know how many women are getting in their like 40s, 50s?

They're already fit. You know, there's probably like 10 million 20 million uh fit women in the US and they all cannot get rid of flappy arms. That that's a big big market. I don't know if the CPN would be lower because I know that this is also a competitive industry, but it's way better than just going after women who want to get toned, you know? It's just so broad. And so here you would have maybe a VSSL doctor that talks about certain things. And then you have a doctor case study talking about the

science behind the flappy arms and why they don't go away with like just workouts. And then you have a product. You get the point. That is it for this video. But overall the strategy here is to scale with avatars and market segments horizontally instead of just targeting everybody and and attracting no one, right? We don't want to target everybody and attract no one. We want to attract everyone or as many people as possible within a market segments to get to 10 million a month. I mean typically

this is how I would approach it if I were to scale to 10 million 10 million a month with custom uh avatars segments avatars you know angled and these are iterations right so don't worry about these but we didn't talk about it but this is how I would scale it guys I lost my voice I can't speak anymore I ranted for a lot if you have any questions about this but this is what I would do to to you know this is the easiest path to get to a million a month or more for sure like instead of going after

everyone go after specific market segments and avatars and customize the sales process to them. Okay, that is it for this video. If you are a brand doing at least 100K a month and you want to explore the opportunity of working with us, you can book in a call and you're going to have probably call with myself or somebody else on the team and together we can see if it's a fit, if we have capacity, of course, and we can just go from there. Right, that's it for this video and see you in the next one.

Bye.
