In today's video, I'm going to talk about exactly how you can unlock 10x more scale to reach 50, 70, even $100,000 days. As you can see over here, I'm going to talk about specific strategies. So, stick until the end if you want to, of course, hear all of them out. If you don't know who I am, my name is Brando. I actively work with seven and eight figureure businesses, kind of like this one that generated over $2 million in the last 30 days alone. Okay, now that we got the proof out of the

way, let's jump right in. I do want to start with one big misconception that people think uh every single time when it comes to like scaling an ecom brand and brands don't understand one very very crucial important thing they don't understand that when they are stuck in most cases not every time but in most cases probably 90% of the time it is a macro problem. What is a macro problem? A macro problem is not a quick edit fix. It's not something that you should tweak on maybe you know the way that you

present your concepts. In some cases, it's not even like the product itself, right? And so, it's a macro problem. A macro problem is something that is just bigger than what you think. I'll give you an example what most brands do to try to like scale. And what and what this is this is actually a micro. Micro means smaller within the business. Macro is like bigger within the entire business. So, what most brands do when they're stuck is that they just they get stuck in the iteration uh loop, I call

it. They they're stuck in the iteration loop. meaning that when let's just say they have a couple of avatar customers that they're targeting with a couple of angles, they're stuck in this loop uh in this orange area which is iterations and in this case these orange bars just represent the numbers of iterations that you do. And so this is typically how brands scale they just do iteration after iteration after iteration. And guess what? An iteration is a diversified way of presenting a winning

concept. And guess what you can't do to scale? Keep doing that over and over and over again. And so they're basically stuck in this process. they get like some winning creatives and then they just the only thing they do is iterations. So this is if if if you are doing only iterations and you're stuck, this is probably something you should, you know, you should consider within your business. It's not the right way and approach to do it. Let me just read what I wrote over here. They will not

help you scale. As I said, this will only help you extend lifetime of a creative, right? They stay where you're currently at. So basically, what I'm saying is that these can extend the likelihood of a creative being profitable over time, but it will never get you to the next level of scale. And so think macro business levels. Here are some levers that you can pull to make a major impact. I'm going to talk about like three two three levers that you can pull immediately that based on my

experience and I've worked with over you know I've spoken to thousands of businesses but I've worked personally with like over 100 businesses within consulting and you know and some of these businesses also did nine figures, eight figures, right? So I know exactly what levers uh you should pull, right? And so this is definitely one big one and it's selling and scaling in more market segments. more market segments doesn't necessarily mean to another country. I know that in some cases

although another country is a different market segment because it's different people different with different culture right different everything so logistically maybe it's complicated so we don't want to do that but it doesn't mean we have to do that I'll give you a perfect example of what it means to scale within the same market within different market segments right and of course consider one thing some market segments are way more scalable than others example here women of 40 dealing

with back pain this is one market segment men over 40 dealing with back pain and maybe this is a bigger market which can allow you to scale further. Another one could be men and women over 30 dealing with muscle pain after a workout. Maybe this is a bigger market. Now, these are just random examples. You have to back it up by research. But you should start approaching different market segments. What I don't recommend for you to do, which is something that I spoke about in my last video, is go

after a super saturated market. Let me just show you visually how that looks like. This is the market, right? Let's just say this uh square box. I'm just going to change it to um red. What you don't want to do is basically go after all of the market where it's just too big and just way too competitive. For example, skincare in the United States, right? Just skincare or just like one very big big broad competitive problem within the skincare industry, I would still debate as it's a blue ocean. So,

what I would do is I would scale and test specific market segments so that I can personalize the entire journey. So instead of going after the entire red ocean, you go after a square which is maybe 10% of the entire big red ocean market, but 10% of that it's still 10 20 30 40 million people, right? And it's still very scalable. And so what you can do is scale this concept horizontally and target different groups uh where so that it makes sense with their ROI. It's less competitive. It's less expensive.

So some people just stop at like one or two segments or even just one and they just scale with like some angles, right? I can assure you whatever problem product you're uh you're selling or problem you're solving, you will have more than one market segment. Okay? It's like for sure another example of a market segment if you just don't know what to do is going from for instead of just Americans, you just go after black people that have specific problems with back pain, right? Because some black

people maybe have, you know, based on their cultural background. I know that like um there's a an obesity problem in Americans in general, but specifically also not what I believe, but just what the research and the stats say is that black people also tend to have um you know problems with weight, right? Because of what they eat, what they consume. I don't know. So these are all kind of like cultural things that you have to just understand. But I have some clients that went over after like black

people or Latinos in the United States and you know, Latin people, Latinos from South America. There's like 30 40 million of them in the United States. and they could target that group of people in a red ocean market and still succeed highly. Okay, so I went a little bit outside of the uh the bubble here, but you get the point with market segments. So typically how 10 um 10 million plus per month e-commerce brand scale, so nine figures is that they just tend to have funnels specifically for

each avatar, you can call it avatar, an avatar is like a different person. So different market segment is also, you know, a segment that has different people. So it's kind of the same thing. And so yes, they scale with angles and angles is just the way that you present the product. If I'm selling this card, I'm selling it with an angle of like doing a gift card or I'm selling it because it's slim and convenient. I'm selling it because it's elegant. All of these are different angle propositions,

marketing angles. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about a more a bigger macro um perspective as I said before. So shifting who you're selling to, right? Um so this is how typically brands more easily scale to like the 8 figure per month mark at this point. And so you know a lot of people get scared with like you know $10 million a month. If you think about the macro, once again talking about macro perspective, if you think about the macro scale, $10 million is probably just not even like 1% of a

specific market. Like maybe maybe one and a half%. Like 1% definitely of global um for sure, but even the United States like the market is so big. There's 500 million people essentially in the United States. So what I like to do is like whenever I choose a market segment or an avatar, I want to make sure that it has three main things. First of all, it's decent to large TAM. So we don't want to go after super small uh uh addressable markets like 1 million 2 million even is like kind of like too

not enough. We want to go after like 5 10 million or more ideally to like 20 30 40 50 million maybe even more. It really depends on how competitive. The reason I say like big u like I don't want to go like too big is because typically not every time but typically it's just way too competitive. Unless you find a super big market that is super untapped and like super not uh competitive then like you can still go after it. Uh, but the reason I'm I'm saying this is because typically when it's either like too

small, the market is too small, or too big and competitive, it's competitive, right? Or and expensive at the same time. So, if it's too small, of course, Facebook is literally telling you, hey, it's hard to find these people, so I'm going to charge you more for it, right? Or if it's too competitive at the same time, it's going to say, "Hey, everybody's going after it. I'm going to have to charge you more because there's so much competition." Same thing. Second

thing, focus on one major pain point. We don't want to solve like seven problems at once. We want to solve one problem, right? uh focus on one desire for one specific type of person. Then specific, not general. I don't want to see like skincare in America. I want to see uh you know skincare optimized for black people that have dark spots or something like that. Once again, I don't know if that is a valid um market or segment because I didn't do research, but this is the way that I'm thinking. So I would

think about these segments and then I would do the research about it. So this is how we scale it. Typically we test them with different angles, these avatars and market segments. And this is what I would consider to be a bigger swing. If you don't take swings and you just keep doing the same iteration or just slightly tweaking the angle that is working, you're never really going to get to the next level. That is just going to prolong the lifetime of your brand and maybe increase by, you know,

I'm not sure 10, 20, 30% over time. But what I'm looking for is a 10x. Like I want to like get from like 100k to a million. I want to get from a million to like 3, four, 5, 10 million a month, right? So I'm looking at bit bigger perspectives here, not like the 10, 20, 30% increase. So you have to take bigger shrinks. Once you validate these avatars or segments and angles, right? The segment plus the angle uh on the creative side. What I want to do is then build a highly resonating uh and

congruent funnel that is fully just 100% for them. And I spoke about this in my last video as well, but this is super important. Imagine if you spoke to a black person that has dark spots, right? That is dealing emotionally going through a specific uh period of her life and the ad, the advertorial, the sales page and the offer is completely congruent to her. Do you think the conversion rate is going to go up or it's going to go down? Right? You know what the answer is? It's going to go up.

And so once again, this is how we test it. We test, we choose avatars or segments of the market. We test them with angles. We test them on the creative level. And then we of course once we have a green light, meaning that we just see very very good soft KPIs like very low cost per clicks. Um even if it has a low conversion rate, it's actually an extra reason to dive deeper into the personalized sales process. Because if the CPMs are good, the cost per clicks are very good, but the conversion rate is low, there's probably

an error or a problem with the conversion rate itself. And so I go after it. Another reason why you would go after building an entire funnel is of course if it's like over break even or just profitable. And so you get the point. Let me talk about second thing. The second macro leverage and it's going after more unaware stages of awareness. I you have no idea how many people that I see that just go after solution aware, right? Or like product aware people are ready to buy. only 3% of the market is

ready to buy. So you're basically telling me that out of 50 million people which is your target audience in the United States as an example. You're only going after what's that 50 million 5 million is 10% 1% is like 500,000 people. So you're going after like a million people 1.5 million maybe maybe that your targeting pool is going to just is going to be this small. Your cost per clicks are going to be more expensive because it's harder for Facebook to find those people, right?

and there's less of them, right? And so it's just not going to be scalable. What we want to go after is sure get into the solution where because solutionware is still can still be big enough, but you have to crack the code with problem and completely unaware ads and funnels cuz then you're not going to scale to the next level. And so the unaware stage of the funnel of course needs a more complete right sales process. You can't just send people from like a 5minute VSSL that like introduces the product

later on is completely unaware or problem into a product page. Most likely if it's going to work, it's not going to work as well as if you send them and nurture them. Like you send them through a nurturing process to give them more relevant information to bring them from completely unaware to yes, I'm ready to buy right now. Right? And so these one other thing that a lot of people I'm going to talk about other things in just a second regarding this, but one thing that people don't understand, I'm trying

to see if I can illustrate this to you, is that even if the unaware ads, what you're going to do, let me just back off here. What you're going to do and what you should do within your funnel is have unaware, right? problem aware and then you of course are going to have solution aware. You get the point. I'm not going to write all of them down but solution aware and then you're going to have problem uh product where and some others right and basically it's going to get smaller and smaller in terms of like

pool right but what you should know right I'm not going to write the other two right but what you should know is that this is likely to be less profitable but it's going to fill up your funnel so even if this is actually just a sh not a shitty shitty but let's just say it's a 1.6x 6x rorowaz, right? But your entire uh let's just say your goal rorowaz is closer to like I don't know two uh but your break even is like 1.5. So you're you're not breaking even. You're making some profit, right? But

you have to understand and let's just say that this is also like one of the top spenders. So it's like top three in the spending um kind of like rankings. It's taking a lot of spend. But you have to consider that even if it's like not not super profitable, this is filling up all of your awareness stages over here. So maybe your problem aware is going to be at like 1.8 8 and then your solution aware now that your funnel is basically completely filled up with your own audience right maybe this is like 2.7 I

don't know like 2.5 and so overall it's making it's filling up the funnel and overall as long as the blended account row is very strong you're good to go and so this is a really good way to look at it uh hopefully you got you understand what I mean by there okay so once again it's important to as you test this approach of going towards more unaware that you completely personalize the funnel when it makes sense when you have a high level of awareness, you can go directly to product page, right? The

more you go down in the level of awareness, right? The more it's kind of red. Red meaning like low and the more you have to start thinking about building better sales processes to like so it's congruent, you get more context, you have better conversion rate overall. That's the end goal, right? So, this is like super aware they can go to product page and then you have super unaware, they have to go through a more detailed sales process. Next thing, uh optimizing your funnel metrics. This is by far one

of the biggest leverage points that you can you can explore within your your funnel, your business, right? I've seen businesses that have the same marketing efforts, but because one business over the other, like same product, same market, same creative strategy, and I've seen this like side by side. One scales 10 times more compared to the other because they have, you know, a much better sales process, a much better retention system, a much better back-end process, right? And so imagine, right,

what this would look like if your brand had an $80 AOV with a 3% conversion rate. That's essentially a $2.4 revenue per visitor, right? That's your revenue per visitor. Uh your cost per click is 1.5. Your revenue per visitor is 2.4, right? So your ROS would basically be 1.6. Why? Because every single time a visitor hops on the store, you're making $2.4, but it's costing you 1.5. So 2.4 divided by 1.5 is 1.6. Hopefully you didn't lose me there, right? But this is basically how it works. Revenue per

visitor. Imagine you have a brand that you just really work on the back end. you really work on pushing upsells, downells, cross- sales, order bumps, uh different types of offers. You work with your front-end AOV, right? You you build bundles. You basically just are very strategic and take a lot of your time and you put it into that process. Then you maybe go from to a $300 AOV. Conversion rate drops a bit, but your revenue visitor goes from $2.4 to 6%. And now your $1.5 cost per clicks gives nets you a four ROAZ. What mean what

does that mean? Four RO is high. It means that you can scale and you can spend probably like two to three times more immediately just by optimizing your sales process. Another example, and you should do this mostly by just focusing on front end uh offer, the way that you position the offer on the front end and also the way that you position your offers on the back end. So upsells, downells. And guys, the only way to get a very strong AOV like this, especially if you're selling like a 50, 70, $80

product, is if you go for the ask. Like whenever you ask for an upsell, don't ask for like don't be timid. Like don't hide behind the corner. like ask for a real upsell. An upsell means that if I'm selling this wallet for 50 bucks, the next offer needs to be more than 50 bucks, right? It needs to be more. It can be the same, right? So upsells I typically like to range between 100 150 $200 if I can because even if I get like one guy that or person customer that buys out of like 30 40 50 people, I'm

getting very high revenue per visitor because the economics make sense. Another example is optimizing like subscription like for subscriptions, right? Let's just say that you have the same model where instead of just maybe focusing so much on like upsells and downells, you just want to focus, of course you can do the both, but maybe you just want to focus on like the subscription offer, right? And so imagine going from like uh, you know, you have $80 AOV, 3% conversion rate even for this brand, brand number two,

right? $80, 3%, but you go from a 20% opt-in rate, so like one in five people actually opt in for the subscription. So they sign up and you go from 20% to 70%. And I have some clients that have like 95% uh subscription rate. It's because they position it well and they test their funnels, right? And so they have the same revenue per visitor, but in the lifetime, uh assuming there's like a fourmonth retention, all right, just let's just assume that for this product, your uh average value per customer goes

from 120 to 170. And within 4 months, you make an extra $400,000, $420,000. Assuming the brand number one basically, if you assume like brand number one makes a million in four months as an example, you would make a million4 in four months. So an extra 100k a month simply and this is pure profit by the way like this is not like putting ad spin into it. You're basically changing nothing. The only difference is that you go from 20% to 70 70% of people that actually subscribe. So these are all

like very very very important metrics that you have to consider. So once again there's three main things that I would do that are macro decision not just random iterations to get to the next level. That's not going to work. You have to do macro things. Go after more market segments or more strategic market segments. Start expanding your pool horizontally, right? Uh build personalized funnels of course after you prove the segments. Then go after more unaware stages so that you can fill more

pipeline and eventually you know unaware ads if you know how to do them. They will produce a very inexpensive cost per click because it's it's easier for Facebook to find those people. You understand that? Like it's there's a way bigger pool of people, right? Unaware is 60% of the market. problem aware is I believe 20% of the market and solution aware is typically around 10% or less of the market and the more you go down and you go down to like the product aware whatever completely aware that's like 3

to 5%. So you understand the scale difference. Next thing is personalize your funnels and have the good funnel depending on your unaware stage. Right? That's complimentary. And then of course optimizing funnel metrics front end, back end, upsells, down cells, cross sales, offers on the front end. And also subscription rates are super super important. That is it. Overall, I like to show this diagram where I, you know, this is pretty much what you have to focus on to scale on a macro level to

get to a next level. It's of course going through different angles and different avatars, scaling different markets. Markets don't only mean US, Canada, Australia. They also mean like market segments, right? Of course, you can scale with different creative concepts. This is more like micro scaling with offers, different offers, testing different offers, different personas, which is kind of what we discussed before with like the market segments and scaling of course different products. You have to understand of

course the priority importance, right? Scaling product is probably like the last thing that I would focus on. Uh you don't want like you you need one product like you don't need 70 products. You need one to two products to really get amazing results. You don't need many. Then of course once you prove those you can start expanding it to others. Anyways this is just a quick uh summary of everything. That is it for this video. Let me know if you have any questions on anything regarding this. Uh

I always try to answer YouTube comments. If you are a brand on the other side that is doing at least 100k a month and you want to scale to the next level whether the next level is 500k a month, a million a month, 5 million a month. We have experience working with uh you know 8 figureure businesses as well. Of course if you want that and you want to explore the opportunity you know what to do. you can book in a call and we can have a chat with myself or one of my head um you know head of performances at

the at the company at the agency. All right, I'll see you on the call and see you in the next video. Bye.
