In today's video, I'm going to break down exactly how e-commerce brands are able to scale past $100 to $200,000 days with unaware and problemaware ads. In fact, I'm going to break down the exact strategies. Before we get into that, um, you know, we utilize these strategies that I'm going to go and break down in this video to scale brands that are doing eight figures. This is just one of our own clients that did $242,000 uh in sales just yesterday alone. Okay, now that we got the proof out of the

way, let's talk about stages of awareness first, just to clear a foundation. Stick until the end because what I'm going to do is give you some foundational chat over here. Talk uh rant a bit about the foundations of you know what awareness stages are. Then I'm going to bring you through some actual real life examples of how to break down unaware ads. You know how to find them, how to break them down, how to understand them, and how to reproduce them again just so you get the most uh

value. So make sure to stick until the end. So this is overall first foundational things that I want to talk about. You have to understand that there's five stages of awareness in case you didn't know. There's most aware, there's problem product aware, solution aware, problem aware, and completely unaware. These are people that just don't know exactly what's going on, right? And so this is a uh these numbers that you see here are in the pest control, right? Um and so, you know, an

example like in the pest control would be of unaware like households or businesses experiences um minor bites, damages, but not they're like not recognizing a pest issue. Right? This is an example. Problem aware is like knowing that they have pest problems but unsure what is the best you know perhaps solution or actively searching symptoms but not yet considering hiring a pro right and then solution aware they are aware of pest control as a solution right but they're just looking for the better option or

considering options and then of course there's product aware comparing pest control with like packages and reviews that are like already in buying mode and then there's most aware like ready to buy customers right you get the point you have to understand that the more you go down in the funnel the less is scalable so the more you optimize for unaware audiences or problemware audiences and the more money you make because you're targeting a broader sphere like a a more also I would say

blue ocean opportunity cuz everybody goes after pro product aware most aware solution aware very few are able to crack the code with unaware problem typically that the companies that are able to crack the code with these stages are doing like multi8 figures to nine figures right typically and so let's understand a couple of important things when it comes to funnel congruency we need to understand that based on what you're targeting or what you're going after, product aware, solution aware,

problem aware, unaware, you're going to have to send them to personalized funnels cuz it's not a one sizefits-all. Or if you send them to the same page, maybe it works, right? I've seen it work with no problem, but it's definitely not going to work as well as if you optimize the entire funnel for that specific type of level of awareness. Just that's just how it works. An example here, just say you're going after a super high level of awareness. you're doing a very product

aare ad, maybe like a Black Friday offer, Cyber Monday, whatever, you would send them probably to a product page because it makes the most sense, right? They are aware of the of the problem. They know that they want to buy it. They just need the right guidance and probably a simple page because you don't need to resell them, right? So, this is important to consider. Let's just go after maybe a less aware stage, right? So, this is maybe, you know, a solution aware um ad VSSL or a UGC video,

whatever it is. then you can probably send them to a sales page that has maybe a bit more context. Maybe even the product page. Once again, maybe it works. Some product pages actually have a lot of context, right? They have a lot of information in the product page, right? And then it it kind of like acts as a sales page to/PDP if you know what I mean. The other stage is awareness level goes down and so you're maybe going after problem aware where now we're we kind of need to give them more

information. It depends from industry and vertical to vertical but most cases you have to give them more information. So in this case we maybe add an advertorial or a pre-sale page of any kind a listical advertorial u you know long form article whatever that then goes to the product page and this is kind of like the lowest level awareness where in some cases we go from advertorial to sales page to then presenting the offer right more on on you know on the back end. So this is pretty much uh how it works. One really

cool thing to consider is that the more you add steps in the funnel kind of the more friction you add and the more retargeting opportunities you have. So you can target people that went on the advert and didn't buy or sales page and didn't buy, right? So you have more opportunities to retarget these people into then like lower uh you know like middle of funnel and bottom of funnel right if you understand what I mean. So most people right the majority of people go after these brackets solution aware

product aware in most aware and don't get me wrong they're still able to scale in some cases to even like multi- seven figures or eight figures right not in most cases I would say but in some cases but definitely 8 figure mark is like you cracking the code with problemware or unaware like this is how it works but these are the most red ocean like everybody's going after this these uh these stages because they're the easier ones to convert literally you need an easier funnel you You need a

straightforward offer. You need a straightforward creative, right? And you just can immediately talk about the product. In fact, many of these ads are very product driven, right? The product if if you know, you know, with the Andromeda update and just in in the last couple of years, the creative is becoming the new targeting era, right? So, if your creative literally has product in the first 5 to 10 seconds, Facebook Meta, right, is going to send it to people that are more aware of buying or more aware of solutions,

right? Product aware, most aware. And this is automatically how it's going to work. And so your targeting pool goes from this to like very very small. It makes sense. So the scalable way is to go up into the funnel. It's going to be harder, way harder, but it's going to be the opportunity that's going to get you probably to the 8 figure mark if you're taking this seriously. And this is how it works visually. This is kind of like a visual map. You know, if you have to compare the percentages unaware, you

have such a big market problem where you have a pretty significantly big market. And then the more you go down and the more becomes red. And I have these colors to to pretty much give you also an understanding not only of how small it is, but also how competitive it is. Right? If you go after most aware, yes, you have high conversion rates, but you're probably going to have higher costs. Right? Unaware ads in most cases, they're cheaper. Right. Right. They're cheaper. And um because they're cheaper,

right, you have you get more people within the funnel. And because they're probably less educated, you need to spend time and build these funnels to actually convert them and get an ROI from them. So automatically, these types of audiences are going to be way cheaper. So, let me just give you two examples. Um, I have people in my community um that actually ask me, "Okay, but what if I'm selling like a pain driven product, like let's just say I'm selling a back pain or lower back

pain product, right? How do I even get into unaware?" Like, everybody knows they have back pain, but how do I transform that into like making even more of an unaware ad, right? Going from problem to unaware because they're like obviously they're asking me the question, but if they have back pain, they know they have back pain. So they already pro they can be unaware. So these are just some examples just so you understand the framing of going from problem wear to unaware as well. Problem

where VSSL this would be you know you've tried stretches pillows chiropractors right but your lower back pain keeps coming back because you're not fixing the root imbalance right an example of like a hook or you know a frame of the video or another example if your back uh aches uh or aches after sitting walking or lifting this 2-minute daily routine decompresses your spine. So they're stating what the problem is here, right? The real reason your lower your lower back feels tight every morning XYZ, you

know, and why massages only give you a temporary relief. Lower back pain isn't about age. Another example would be a problem where a problem aware would be like, do you have lower back pain because of XYZ? Like be even like very direct. You're stating the problem that you know that other people have. Right? Another example here or I guess a separate example of unaware um um statements would be if your hips always feel tight, it's not a hip problem. It's a hidden lower back imbalance nobody

talks about. And probably this lower back imbalance, you could state it in the in the intro of the video, but you can also keep it very general and start introducing lower back pain in the middle of part of the video. And then towards the 75 percentile of the video, you start introducing your product and adding testimonials. within the entire VSSL you bring them from they are not even aware they have this problem because of you know you're basically introducing an alternative saying if your hips always feel tight it's not a

hip problem or another example if you wake up stiff and blame your mattress it's actually a sign of lower back pain or if standing makes you tired fast it's related to something else that they probably are not even thinking about so if I have if I imagine yourself putting it um yourself in the customer's feed right if you have lower back pain and you never thought in your life that uh you actually have pain when you stand or you know what I mean or that you're standing a lot for example you you know

you this is just an example on the top of my hand you finish your work you go back home and you have lower back pain you realize you have lower back pain but you know you don't know exactly why this would be an example of an unaware ad would be are you standing up all day and realize you have lower back pain at the end of the day in my case I I didn't even think that standing up would be a problem you know what I mean I didn't think about it, but I'm getting aware of the problem that I'm unaware of thanks

to this hook. You know what I mean? Let me know if you have any questions about this. It can be a bit consuming. Basically unaware. You don't you you could potentially know what the problem is or what your what your um tensions are, your stiffnesses, but you don't know what's causing them exactly, right? And so if you feel random twingies or twiggles, right, or whatever that is, or lockups during daily movement, that's your lower back pain running. or if your hamstrings feel tight. No matter how

much you stretch, your lower back is is the real reason. So you're once again, I hope you understand this. Now, let's actually go through some examples and how I would break them down and then we can analyze further structures. I also have a really cool tool that I'm building that actually does an ad breakdown for you. I'll I'll show you how how it works. I also want to hear your feedback on it. But here is kind of like a couple of ads. Let's take a look at this one. These are problem aware to like um

unaware ads. >> Here's a quick way to shrink mouth wrinkles that make them vanish for good. Mouth wrinkles aren't >> So this would be mostly uh product wear to the 20 to 30% of the market >> permanent and easy to fix. So let me share my best secret. A secret that can remove mouth wrinkles, lip lines, smile lines very quickly. I'll do what most women do. What I mean by that is don't buy collagen and then buy retinol and then buy wrinkle cream and expect to see your wrinkles magically disappear.

That's not going to happen. Because while these common skincare products may make your skin feel nice and soft and plump for a little while, they typically lack any kind of wrinkle erasing acts. The reason you develop mouth wrinkles or lip lines is because, >> so just to give you a summary, first of all, I like how they're using as like if you want to do VSSLs, if you want to do like unaware ads, you have to be able to portray the visual and connected to the script very very well. So if you know

there's a very very good kind of um combination of B-roll, A-roll, right? visual context, graphic, motion graphics compared to what is being said, which is extremely important, especially if you're trying to attract these, you know, these colder audiences. They have less less patients, less interested. You need to really hook them up. And so, um, what this video is doing is that they're starting with a problem, then they're talking about what they probably tried. You tried this, you tried that, you

tried Botox, and then they're talking about why they don't work, fail, why the failed solution don't work. And then they gradually start introducing their product around half to like you know probably the half of the video. And then after the half of the video what they're doing is that they're giving more science to it. This is a very long DSL. I mean not very long but it's on the longer side. So 6 7 8 minutes. You see the product is being introduced later on. Forgot where it is but it's being

introduced like later on. I'm not sure if you saw I can't find it again but they're basically talking about the product later on. So this is just an example. uh Miami MD, if you want to take a look at what their VSSLs look like and their like bottom ofunnel or uh top of funnel ads are looking like, take a look at what they're doing. The tool that I like to use, by the way, that I built is basically a tool that breaks down the ad. Obviously, it takes time to break, you know, even a 30-cond

ad to the tea, a one minute ad, imagine like an 8minute ad, right? So, I like to use this tool that I built where you can like, you know, it does the ad breakdown for you and it gives you a lot of context as per what's actually happening. So, you can upload your creative over here as as I did over here. This is like another example of a this is an unaware ad. Let's take a look at this first and I'll show you how the tool works. >> Ever notice how after walking barefoot on the beach, [music] you feel

different, calmer, more alive, like something just reset in your body. Scientists discovered why. >> So, this is an perfect example of unaware. Do you ever notice, right? >> Ever notice how after [music] walking >> after walking barefoot on the sand or on the beach, you feel more XYZ? And people like, "Yeah, I actually do notice that." Right? It's they're unaware of it, right? And so this is an ad that talks about >> foot on the beach, you feel [music] different, calmer, more alive, like

something just reset in your body. Scientists discovered why your body was doing something [music] it's designed to do, but that most of us haven't done in years. It's been shown to reduce [music] inflammation. >> Whatever this is, they're promoting grounding. You see, they're doing these grounding things. And so I just literally uploaded the ad. I said that it was a winner, right? You have to label whether it's a winner or a loser. Um, just to give context to the AI and

the AI will literally do an ad breakdown for you by the second. So, you don't have to do it. So, you can literally download this, send it over to your creative team. You could download it like this. Um, you know, it's going to open up. Everything is going to be explained and it's very precise. I mean, women speaking directly, creating immediate connection. This would be April. Establishes the topic. Draws the viewer with a personal tone. And then it, you know, you have ad segment explanation. So what actually happens in

the hook, engages viewers with relatable curiosity about natural effects, right? Illustrates the natural grounding experience and its absence in modern life, right? Presents the grounding well bet sheet as an innovative solution, right? So you get the point. And so it also gives you like takeaways and summaries. So this is actually how we're starting to do. I mean, I build the tool for my team because they need it. So does the ad breakdown. And so, uh, you know, you either use a tool like this or

you do it yourself. It doesn't matter. You have to do these things because you have to kind of like understand why certain ads are working. I always talk about it in my videos, right? Um, especially with like more challenging ads, which is like unaware or problem. U, study these ads. So, we like to do these ad breakdowns. Then there's an executive summary, key takeaways, hook analysis, why the ad actually worked because they had social proof, it had authority. Um, there's a scient scientific authority, product

visualization, uh, visual storytelling, kind of like her speaking to the camera, right? And then voice analysis, you know, there's a bunch of information. There's also a transcript, but we like to analyze and break everything down to then be able to do these unaware ads and problem ads more effectively, right? That's the gif of it. Anyways, enough about this, but the most important thing is that you you break this down because it's way easier to understand and reproduce the ad later on. This is

another example of an ad. Uh, where is it? That's uh Let me just open it up on the other side. I think it's this one. Yeah, this is another example of a unaware. I thought I had a food problem, but really I had a control problem. Let me show you how I finally healed and went from this [music] to this. So, this ad has been running for 90 days, right? So, it's obviously effective. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] So it's like a a storytelling, no voice over, right? So this is what I would do

is like literally go in here, download it, upload it to the just to get a breakdown, right? Uh once again, I don't care if if you ever it's not even launched. This is just an internal tool. I don't care if you do it with a tool or you do it manually. you have to do it uh because this really helps breaking everything down and it's easier for you to visual it's way easier for you to visually see what's going on with the breakdown and the segments so that you can reproduce it than like manage it imagining it or

just having it with just text you know so it's analyzing just let it analyze for a bit but in the meantime let me show you one more ad that I wanted to show you already showed you this one yeah this is another example I believe this is problem product. No problem where >> managing joint pain shouldn't mean giving up your time or bracing yourself for another painful injection. Physiootherapy means driving across town twice a week only to feel sore again the >> We're 10 seconds in and we still haven't

introduced the product. So keep that in mind. If you introduce the product immediately, you're automatically going to go after more aware. Like that's what you're telling Facebook. You're telling Facebook, I'm introducing the product right now and I want people I want you to attract people to this video that are most likely to resonate with this visual of the product, right? Which is people that already know that they want it or people are low in the lower stages of awareness

>> the next day. And the bills, they pile up fast because of co-pays, insurance drama, time off work. You're spending all this effort just to end up in the same pain loop. The Nova Knee Ultra is different. It's red light. So, 24 seconds in and we're introducing other >> therapy made for people like you who just want lasting relief without the hassle. Just painless, natural healing that doesn't interrupt your day. You can use it while watching TV, folding laundry, or making coffee. It doesn't

hurt. It's non-invasive and it only takes >> you get the type of ad uh I want to what I want to show you right now is basically a process uh of an ideal structure, right? Which I actually get from, you know, the ad breakown breakdowns that I do. I don't like to reinvent the wheel. I like to get winning ads and winning frameworks and just like at least understand the segmenting structure. Uh which I get using this tool or you can do it manually. It's still working. Um but let's just see later on. But

ideally I receive a structure like this. So this is a good structure that you can have for an unaware and so you have like intriguing hook pattern interrupt example right? Ever notice how this symptom or frustration keeps happening even when you think nothing's wrong? Right? And then you have a subtle pain discovery. Uh like most people don't realize it, but this constant frustration could be a sign of this problem. Right? Then you have the consequence where you agitated. Then you have the aha moment, right? The solution

discovery. Then you have the mechanism benefit. And then you have a CTA. This is just for 60 seconds. Of course, you can further extend it. Right? Another example for problem. This was unaware, right? For problem, it's like more direct call out. Are you struggling with this problem and nothing seems to help? Right? As you can notice here, right, it's different failed attempts. It's like you've tried this solution, you've tried that solution. Then you have the emotional impact of like what happened

to them when they tried these uh solutions and they didn't work. And then you introduce a fresh approach which is always really important to then do the fresh approach then introduce the unique mechanism because that unique mechanism is going to allow you to stand out to the marketplace mechanisms uh plus benefits and then you have a CK. These are just condensed in 60 seconds, but you can, of course, make these, you know, five minutes long, three minutes long, whatever you want. Okay, let's

take a look at the ad breakdown over here. As you can see, this is a very easy to understand breakdown of what's going on with and it takes screenshots, so you can literally send this over to to the team. Uh, let's see why the ad worked. Visual transformation, obviously, there's a nice CTA, there's social proof, a lot of social proof, transformation visuals, right? Once again, emotional appeal. It's very emotional even with the storyline. Um, and you know, there's no voice over

transformation, right? You get the point. So, yeah, that's it for this video. Honestly, I just wanted to break down exactly some winning ads that are unaware and problemware. I want you I wanted to you to understand a good framework that you can use um of, you know, to reproduce unaware or problem ads and also just overall having being aware, right? I'm basically maybe touching into an unaware uh stage. Um, from this YouTube video, I wanted to expand the uh the awareness uh part when it comes to like understanding

how much more scalable it is to grow a brand when you start untapping into these levels of awareness. It's a complete different type of scale. Go look at all the big players, Mama Bear, you know, Grounding Well, uh, I don't know, uh, was it Hike Footwear, all these are at least at the very very least going after problem aware, right? Because of course some industries like neuropathy I don't know it's like a $30 billion industry right and 20% of that is 6 billion7 billion uh still dollars in uh

addressable market or I guess um the opportunity to make money. So if you get 100% of the market you'd get 6 billion7 billion in revenue right and if you get one 2% of that you do the math even 1%. Right? And so you get the point. So it's a lot more scalable. Just make sure that you customize the journey because then it's probably not going to work. It's already hard to do problem where ads and it's going to be even harder if you send them to just a product page. Most likely

not going to work as well. And then yeah, I just wanted to expand um you know this uh this topic to the ecom world. That is it for this video. Let me know if you got some value. Uh also please uh you know feel free to book a call if you have a brand and you want to have a conversation with us. We're always open to conversations and exploring opportunities of growing together. We are growth partners. So we partner with with e-commerce brands. If you feel like you want to get to the next level, whether that's 500k a month,

a million a month, 5 million a month, as you can see, we have experience working with 8 figureure businesses. If you want to do that, you can click the link down below and book in a call. That's it for this video and see you in the next one. Bye.
