Welcome to day two of millions to billions in AI where for the next 365 days you can follow my journey building a global AI company trying to help as many people as possible whether businesses or individual get this amazing technology in the hands of as many people. So um you can always go back to episode number one and every single day I'm going to share the good, the bad and the ugly of building the business and the challenge. And yesterday was a great accomplishment because we launched Power Five uh AI.

And one of the problems that I found myself is we created our own AI, one of the most advanced business AI called JT1, which is based on 8,000 hours of everything I've ever done. I have 84 companies. We do business in 56 countries and I have clients in 104. And I wanted an AI to think like a ninef figureure entrepreneur. if I was um you know helping someone or my office like what would I do like imagine if for those of you watching this everyone would do the things the way you want to now some people don't know how to do it

which they could use it what would I do but other thing is having people do things the way you want to is probably one of the greatest things and it's really really hard and um one of the issues is not only did we create our own AI um but I would use all the other AIs and it was frustrating Because literally if you go and type in a question and put it into four of the other AIs, the big four, uh you're going to find yourself you're going to get four different answers. Like how's that possible? Well,

I don't know if you know this, but the AI currently, it says the big four, what they do is they scrape the knowledge base. What so what they do is they scrape the internet and it's really good at knowing things but AI is not good at growing money saving money because it scrapes off the internet and for for example if every single book on Amazon was in the AI that would be probably would be like the smartest thing ever. But unfortunately the internet in terms of business at least there's a bunch of teasers and a

lot of times how do you know the information is correct and so what would happen is people would use RAI which literally is the best and I'm not just saying that like it's I type it in and I know the answer that's exactly what I would do but I always would double check with all the other AIs and people would do it too and they would check with mine check with everything and I believe that the reasons why these AI employees or agents and I hate that word agent and bots are not as good now is because they scrape

off the internet right and Larry Ellison the sixth m richest man in the world from Oracle had said something and he goes the future of AI is what's called private LMS large learning language which is the knowledge base and for those of you are watching this let's say you're spawning owner and you a very successful business. Well, the problem is that people want a knowledge base. Say they go to the big four AI or even they want an agent. But if it if you write in how to build a successful spa,

you who is very successful would look at this information and say that that's not that's not correct. It's basic or generalistic, right? you have specific knowledge of dealing with the customers and upselling them and should get Botox and should they get PPR and whatever like what kind of skin treatment you do and and how to introduce it and how to sell it. AI doesn't know that because AI has never run a business. AI has never suffered like you and I. This has never done that. But what if you could take

that knowledge base, you right, and you create a brain of your knowledge base and so maybe you are in New York City and someone in Oklahoma, someone in Sweden, someone in Australia be like, you know what, I want to start a spa and this this woman has a knowledge base. She runs a very successful spa. Why don't I take her brain and I will type things in and it's exactly how she would do it, but knowing what my spa is about, what it is. So you're basically it's creating your own knowledge base helping

other people and eventually that knowledge base to go into the employees. Imagine that. That's what we do. One of the main things we do in AI. And so I decided I said you know what I'm going to command command all big four AIs and add JT1 all together. and the big four AI we're literally going to make it where it's like so cheap almost like we lose money and then if you combine them with JT one and then we can create a more powerful knowledge base and that knowledge base will be

able to be this. So imagine five of the best AIs including mine and your brain all working in an AI employee. It's basically superhuman, super AI. It's like the 1992 dream team. Michael Jordan, Charles Barkley, Magic Johnson, Larry Bird, everybody. Like, it's the best of the best. Imagine having a bunch of goats in your business, including you, all working together. And yesterday, we launched phase one of that. And it's, as I said, on day number one, it's an idea that I came up with on New

Year's uh eve at 6:00 a.m. I worked 20 hours. And it's crazy because I have M&A deals and accounting rollups and then I had to go to LA and and met a bunch of um of celebrities and then I had to go to Vancouver and some meetings like all that going in and I didn't sleep very much. As I said, yesterday I slept 2 hours and tonight I last night I slept three hours and people like it's not healthy. But I wasn't tired. I just couldn't wait to give it up. I couldn't wait to get up and change lives. I

couldn't wait to get started. And um but it's not just creating the AI, it's testing the AI. And I remember when we first put all the AIs together, there's something called a business system command. And that's what you put inside to how the AI thinks. And if you just took the API of those AI, the answer wasn't good. I would type in business question and say, "This is garbage." And I literally had to sit down and create the business command about how I think and what would I do because I already

have it in my own AI. And I was testing I was testing and then I cracked it. And then I realized that all big four AIs and and I'm so thankful that people like Elon Musk and Google and Open AI and Anthropic have put their lives and and if you have a chance pick up my my book businesses war AI is the new weapon and there's a lot of drama and backstabbing. It's there's a whole chapter about how did these AI companies start. I don't know you know it's like the Jerry Springer of AI. um a lot of

backstabbing and a lot of people were going to partner together and how they started is is not necessarily the way they are now and um so I was just trying to like make the things work and then I realized that all four of them have a different way of thinking as to approach their AI and so I had to crack that and I'm not a coder I'm not a technology person I'm like I'm a marketing I'm a branding guy I'm a I'm a sales guy I'm a big picture you know Apple co-founder said to me Steve

Waznjak's one of the nicest men He said to me eight years ago, "You're the closest thing I've ever met to Steve Jobs." And um maybe we can play that clip. And and so listen, I took it as a compliment. I think I showed it at every big event I've ever been. Truth is, I never really believed it. Um the book about Steve Jobs by Walter Isacson is probably one of the best books. And Steve Jobs was a a obsessively big picture guy by obsessing on the details. And the more I get into AI,

the more it excites me. And I'm ch I I've met a lot of billionaires and a lot of celebrities, a lot of successful people. I wish I had met him. Um because I think the iPhone's one of the great things in my life. Um what it does and every time I hold it, that's someone that takes a risk. And that's why I'm doing this documentation for 365 days, every single day. And um when I launched it, people went wild for it. I woke up and like everybody had it. Everybody was talking about it. And I'm

still keeping it private. You know, my model for now is okay, let me get Power Five into the hands of as many people. But then JT1 which is a replica of my brain and how I think and we're actually creating an even smarter version of the nine figure brain which is super intelligence AI intelligence and we tested it today. I put it through a thousand questions and what I usually do is I create about a thousand questions. I will answer it the way I would answer it. And probably 70% of the time I beat the nine figure brain

because I have, you know, extra knowledge base that sometimes the AI doesn't comprehend. You know, it's hard to think and no one knows how AI thinks. I mean, Mark Zuckerberg has spent billions of dollars, buying companies, getting talent to trying to figure out how AI thinks. Again, I would recommend you guys sign up for 3699 AI 36 and all everything is in the comments. And I interview one of the top leading AI researchers in the world. Like I I and he's like, "Nobody knows how it thinks.

It's crazy if you think about it. Nobody knows how it thinks." Which could be dangerous if you think about it. And and if you get it, I'll send you all the interviews. Please definitely get that. And and um I'm interviewing like today three AI people uh very successful. One used to work at OpenAI. And I'm trying to get inside of these minds so that I can improve my product. You know, the mission here is not how I'm going to make billions of dollars. I couldn't care if I die. All my money goes to

charity. So, who cares? It's about getting technology that can make businesses and people's lives so much easier, but making it where they are going to have impact, where they will have more time with their families or they can maximize the output because it's really hard finding people and great people. And a lot of you people, you know, you can't afford to have a $5 million payroll. And that's what JT1 was in the sense of the instance of a $5 million payroll at your fingertips for for um

you know less than $3.67 a day which is insane. Um like I can't even buy like I don't drink coffee but I don't think you buy coffee for $4. I don't think you can buy bottle water at the airport for less $4, you know. I don't remember last time. And then you know power five is like.7 cents a day like like and people like I got to think about it and and and sometimes a lot of people say well I already put my memory on here but by the biggest thing that power five solves it's all five memory

at the same time because you're fragmented if you go to all them and please never use the free AI like I don't know why people do you're basically training their language nothing's free but I think I have decided today to make JT1 very similar to the Ferrari model. Like you can't really walk in and buy a Ferrari. And I want to make it exclusive and getting into the hands of the right people because maybe I'm I'm tired of trying to convince people of like because I have so many people that use

it and so many people I've seen every single person has amazing results and exclusivity because the more intelligent has the more value and don't I I I by the end of this 365 I won't be surprised if JT1 is a million dollars a million dollars to use my AI because to come with an army of AI employees that are literally replica of all managers, all CEOs and maybe hypothetically imagine you can have like a Disney AI. So sure how all that but they can still what would Walt Disney do with this or creative products is

there's so much information in their brains like this is where we're going right Einstein Edison you the owner you like your ideas you're a successful plumber and you've been for 15 minutes and you're very good in your market you're due but maybe you haven't been able to duplicate yourself because your people don't think like you they don't know the customer like you they don't care as much as you and that's what this journey is so we did it um we did it and if you are interested

and there's no links I I you know I'm keeping it like a like a silo right now to very close-knit of people we do have a lot of people we have a lot of clients from all over the world you know just go to Instagram and you know send me a DM and I'm happy to give you a test run on it um so the the funny part is every time I have a breakthrough it literally last for 10 seconds and then I'm on to the next thing, the next problem. But when things go wrong, I like obsess on it until it goes right.

So, and I hate losing more than I love winning. And in this AI game, I really only win if you win. What I like is getting messages. And hopefully you can put into the comment if you use JT1 or Power Five or any of the AIS and just what are your experiences or send me a private DM when people saying, "Wow, that really changed my you know, had a a a meeting with somebody yesterday and they were using one of the legal AIs and they used JT1 and he goes, "We basically did a year's work in two hours and it was the

greatest thing ever." And one of the AI companies is worth $8 billion in the legal space and he said it did a better job than that. That was the highlight of my day. [snorts] That was the highlight of my day. I could have had a billion dollars hit my bank account yesterday and it would not have had the same impact as Kevin who called me and told me that. And those are the stories I hope that you guys pass along in the comments and tell me what you like and and uh obviously you can always go on the platforms and give

feedback because that's what motivates me to make it even better to inspire millions to billions of people. That's what this is all about. And so thank you for taking things a journey. Uh how would I rate my day today? One to 10. I actually say today was a 10. But I got problems. I know tomorrow won't be a 10. So tune in to um day three every single day. Doesn't matter. Seven days a week, holidays, wherever I am. Sometimes I'll I'll have to be on the road and do these videos,

but and so I'm sorry if the quality won't be as great, but I just hope that I think YouTube needs a little bit more authenticity and I hope I'm bringing this authenticity. If you can do me a favor and subscribe and like and comment, it just helps the algorithm. It doesn't cost you any money, but it' mean a lot to me. So, day two wrap. Got to get back to work.
