Welcome to day number three of millions to billions. Day three of running a global AI empire trying to impact as many businesses as possible with AI so that they can amplify themselves instead of being replaced. Uh, so for those of you who may be new, every single day for the next 365 days, I'm going to show you how I'm running 10 global AI companies on top of my 84 companies that I already own and brands. And this journey is a journey not only am I doing by myself, I've got thousands

and thousands of users of our AI products. We have hopefully tens of thousand, millions, and hopefully billions of people that'll be using our AI. We have AI partners. I have one of the largest global AI agencies in the world we're building and we have a lot of white label who use our technology to build their own agency and hopefully we'll all come together and they can have the same mission that I have and it's been challenging and and today it's actually um first of all this is my take

two because my microphone was picked up by my Mac headphones uh instead of the audio. So, I'm like very upset because the first version is always the best. And now I'm recording and I'm upset because I knew the other one was better. It's actually right now 3:34 uh in the morning. Um and I am heading over to the Bahamas uh to take a look at a private island deal and hopefully I want to create a AI hub incubator over there. Um so when I do projects or bring people I want to do business. So, I don't know if

it's going to go through and then I head over uh back to West Palm Beach where I have an event with Tommy Hilfiger uh who are all going into AI themselves as the world of fashion. So, I'm interesting to have AI conversations with him and uh I will share what he says and maybe even put some clips on here. So, please make sure you tune in. And so, I'm already busy as it is. I'm waking up at 1:52 a.m. in the morning trying to get to everything. And by the way, if you could just subscribe to this channel, it'd be

amazing. Uh, and put likes and comments, it helps out. And to get the word out, this is a lot of work. Not only the recording part every single day on top of doing everything and recording podcasts and content and social media, it just never stops. And every single day there are problems in business. Every single second there seems to be a problems with AI, the technology. And um so we have our AI called JT1 which is the best business AI in the world and by far it is I like the the equivalent of a Formula 1 car. It's so

optimized and I know business and so I know when I type in something I'm like wow that's great. and a lot of our AI uh partners and white labels, you know, JT1 is not that expensive at all. But some people like we we live in a world you're competing against free AIs, right? And so people are like, "Well, I can get this for free, right? I can get water. I give you I can get water for free." Uh but this water is $3, right? Essential water. And usually I don't have plastic

anymore. Just ran out of glass water. But so I have this water and it's $3. Okay. But I can drink water from the tap. Personally, I don't know. I don't think it tastes as good. Fluoride and all this stuff, right? Um, but is this water better? I don't know. It says PH. Um, apparently. Uh, but now with the plastic, I don't know if it's it's even good. If it seeps in there, it's got more plastic. But that's not the point we're competing against. Why would I pay

$3 for water when I can get it for free? Yeah, you can, but you also pay for what you get, right? Where is your memory going? And and and it where is your data going? And so we created, you know, and part of it we were using our AI and we're using all the other AIS at the same time as well. And I I I wanted a place where all my information was together, right? If I go all the other AIs for different things, including mine, and I'm always double-checking, I want everything to go in there. And this

is why I came up with you know power five which um a few days ago the idea is all the AIs together right the big four GPT Gronk Claude Gemini and JT1 and your brain because that is an AI right we we do that AI yourself so that decisions are made the way you want to do it how you've been doing it to take a look at the past the present and the future what you're going to do all of those together which you'll dump in into AI employees never been done and we created and it's as low as.7 cents a day. 70 cents a day

to have all that. If you buy all four of them directly, it you know cost you well over $100 a month. 70 cents a day. And for some reason some people don't get it. And I did the presentation and the Zoom was phenomenal. I mean, I came up with the concept of Fetch, uh, you know, I'm going to build an online pet store, 10 million revenue, and it literally built the entire thing in less than 11 minutes. Even the name Fetch Marketing Group. And then I literally took questions and I put it into my AI

and I put together four. I have no idea when I input things what it's going to come out, right? It's it's that's the issue. you do like a demo and there was a lot of people on this live demo virtually. You just don't know what's going to go on. Like you have I have no idea. And then all of a sudden like the answer came back and it was like overexaggerating. It wasn't good. It wasn't authentic and it just it just wasn't good. And so you showed people it's like I just did a test that tap

water has high amounts of fluoride and it's not good for you and this really is way better. Here's the scientific data. Here is the proof. Here's the taste taste group. And people still didn't get it. Now, I speak all over the world. And one of the things that uh I wrote this global three best global seller book, but this one's called billionaire versus millionaire thinking. And I interviewed four billionaires for over eight hours. And a billionaire worth $6 billion said, "Despite your

extremely high net worth, you're a dentist. You're in the personal exertion business. you're always going here, there traveling the world. This is what's the point? And uh you guys can listen to all the audios. I'll give you all the audios if you want. I'll put the link in the chat um after you read the book. And I decided to cut travel, cut doing things around the world, learn to say no, and no longer be a dentist. And no offense to dentists if you're listening to this. It's not about the dentists.

Like people are like, I have more hate mail from dentists now than anything. It's about what is my role and interesting when I'm live so easy to do right we were selling our AI before it was even completing done the vision but if you think about it number one large audience you know there's a speakers an hour before me who build me up I go in there they see my energy they feel it and virtual you don't know if people like you know they're in the car with their kids they're in their earphones

they're cooking they're walking around they're being distracted Right? Are they really looking at a screen with a with a demo? Right? Are they really listening? It's like the alphabet, right? A B CDE E FG, you know, you know, as opposed to A B C M and N O P XYZ. Like you're missing things, right? There's there's connective. It's if you're doing a presentation and they don't get the whole recipe or they don't get the whole steps, then they're not going to get it.

And part of this, so I created this is so to help our AI uh agency partners help as many people as they can as well as our uh done for you white label process. And some people um you know didn't get it. You know, they just don't get it. So we're trying to make it easy for them instead of pretty much to just focus on you know working on just selling the formula 1 car that is like the best car that drives the fastest and wins. We're trying to set up these subcars for people, you know, and I'm we have a

Telegram group with all our partners and, you know, I'm looking, what are you guys doing? It's like 2 am in the morning. I'm messaging yesterday and they're like, well, I'm on vacation here and I'm doing this, I'm doing that. Like, where's the obsession? Everyone's just waiting for me. And they haven't failed. Like, there's such a window of opportunity to get into AI. Like, by the time we get to day 365 here, it's going to be completely different. like what

the what I'm talking about today when we go back it'll be different and I think I'm the only one in the world now who is sharing how I am risking it all 100 million plus building this giant AI company not only to help as many entrepreneurs but help create a lot of wealth uh for a lot of people and bring them along and um I'm going to tell you this is that one of our partners came up to me who's working and helping us and I've talked to my CEO Francancy See, she said, "You know what? You're like a

you're not a dentist this week. You're like a dental assistant." And I feel like I actually went backwards. And then I went over the pitch. I'm like, "How did they not get it?" And I went to my AI and I want to read you what it said. So, this is my AI that said this. I talked about the problem, the frustration, and and it said this. You don't have a product problem. Your product is the best. You have a message problem and a very specific one right now. You're selling capability to people

who actually buy relief, certainty and safety status. So you have to shift your language. Uh you have to shift your language. So the real reason it's not converting the way you should be converting is you are overqualified for the audience you're speaking to. And that happens when people think or they don't think I need this. They think this is impressive, but I don't know if it's for me. This creates admiration without urgency, which is the delay to conversion. What people really want is

not AI, it's not money, it's not learning. What they're afraid of is making the wrong decision, buying something and not using it, feeling stupider later, feeling behind but not knowing how to catch up, losing status by choosing the wrong tool and admitting that they're overwhelmed. So, when you sell your I'm the best AI, which we are the most powerful 7-day trial, you know, $30,000 of value master demo, you're speaking to logic, not to fear resolution. People don't convert to power, they convert to

permission. And then he goes on, exactly what I need to do. Wow, that is my AI. And and then it goes on all the things that I need to do. And by the way, this doesn't apply to my business. It probably applies to a lot of you who have businesses here as well. And before AI, how would you have known that to do that? And now I can go back and like I did my AI and went deep and came up with literally a hundred different ideas and plans that we're going to be testing. one duplicate myself. Automating the

process, set up the meeting, creating duplicatable systems. It never stops. It's hard. It's really hard. And I know what I'm doing. And just like a Formula 1 car, and I like Formula 1, it doesn't matter if you don't like Formula 1. We're going at, you know, 320 m uh 320 km an hour, 220 miles an hour. And the margin of error is milliseconds to win and also die and go out of business or something bad happens. And that is why the thing that's made me very successful is I'm obsessed. I hate

losing more than I love winning. I'm I'm so like resilient and I'm not willing to do my best in this. I'm doing whatever it takes. you know, if we didn't have a great product, it' be a different thing. And and to and it right now, it's kind of like there's an overwhelm. There's no stress or for me or something, but it's like I got to come up with the idea, then I got to create the product, then I got to talk to my AI partner, Eric, to actually come up with what's, you know,

in my mind. And he creates the AI for it. We make the AI. I think that's our different thing. If I just had to go to India and make all the AI and no disrespect, I think they're amazing, but there's a lot of language barrier. In fact, in our custom AI business, like 80% of our business right now is people who went to India. Um, you know, and now they're like 80% done and there's a language barrier and spent all this time and this money and it doesn't work. So, they're calling us to fix it because we

know how to think and we have a super team of of ninjas as we call it. And uh it's like and then I got to test it and then I got to market it. Then I got to brand it. Then I got to teach other people how to do it because it's easier for me obviously because I'm a brand and I'm known and I know how to sell. And then I got to run all my own businesses too. But I think this is my destiny. This is literally my destiny. And this process is not only about all right, we're going to millions to

billions and trying to change and building this business and change as many lives as possible and get people because people are just so afraid of AI. I don't I don't know why I think they're resistant to change. probably the same way that websites and and uh CRM and and social media uh or crypto you know people are afraid and sometimes it doesn't work out like NFTTS but AI is definitely going all in and uh but pressure is a privilege so I feel like a failure not in a bad way I just feel like a failure here.

I do like I feel like yesterday's a failed day, but I'm it's what's eating me alive until I can go back to my laptop, which I will work on when I'm on the flight. But that's part of the process, the struggle. And I'm blessed that I don't struggle financially because very well off. But struggle to know that there's so many users um that are depending on me to help them put the best product so they can succeed like I did. There's AI partners that that are depending on me

so that we can build this so that we can completely dominate and they can build, you know, generational wealth for their families. There's white labels who see this opportunities that they can finally get into AI before anybody else and also create wealth for themselves by helping people. And then there's the businesses that are depending on us that say we need AI cuz we need to be more profitable or we're going to go out of business or we're going to lose market share. So they're

depending on me, us, our companies to help them succeed. And companies who don't even know us yet are going to entrust the fate of their company in our hands. It's a lot of responsibility. Pressure is a privilege, but it's a lot of responsibility. Yeah. So, maybe this is not the greatest video format, but this is real. It's not edited and it's not uh overly produced. It's raw because that's what real business is. And that's why I for you're watching this, I'd like you to be part and take

this off of Zoom and create our community where it's called 3699 AI where I want to learn. Now, right now, hopefully you're learning from this, but I want to learn. And what I want to learn is get the greatest AI minds in the world and find out what tools and how it works and how it thinks and how can it better my life, how can it better the life of other people. And if you're in business, what's working, what's not working, and create a community and network, and it's free. All you got to

do is check in the comments. Go to or go to 3699 uh.ai and let's build this together. This is the community. And if you can do me a huge favor and share this video and put your thoughts about what you think, um maybe there are things you want me to talk about. Hopefully, you like it. And hopefully you you like the button and you comment it because this is a journey that we're taking together. And uh if you're a partner of mine and now you're watching this, you need to step up. You need to be as obsessed as I

am. And and anything can be learned. It's not like I don't know what to do. Like you can, you know, someone says, "I need a script." Well, you copy and paste our landing page. You put it into JT1 and you know, it's right there just in time. Like the information is there. So, sorry this is a little bit longer than I usually should do on the video. I just felt like a heavy heart today and I wanted to share that. So, thank you so much for listening. Uh, you can go listen to, you know, day one and two as

well and because you'll learn everything different. But tomorrow it'll be live from the Bahamas and on the beach and who knows, maybe I'll have some other breakthroughs. But this is a wrap for today in the life of an AI entrepreneur trying to figure it out. And every day, I can't wait to have a good day to share, but that's what it makes it so fun. Thanks for listening. Thanks for watching. We'll see you next time.
