00:00:00
Today you're going to learn how to make an amazing AI video ad from the Dawn Draper of AI ads himself, PJ Ace. He has made viral AI ads for some of the top brands, and he is going to show us what the future of AI video holds, but more importantly, he's going to show you how to make remarkable ads and videos for your business using AI tools today. Let's get to today's show. All right, everybody. We're having a fun show today. We're talking all about AI video ads, trailers with who I think is

00:00:40
the Don Draper of AI of the AI era. PJ PJ Ace, you are here. I really do think you are like the Don Draper, the modernday madman of building creative with AI. And I I think you deserve the title. You got the name for it. We just talked about this. >> Yeah. You have like this Hollywood name. You're making some cool stuff. But you're here today and you're going to show us you're going to demystify the AI video magic and show us like what goes into it, the process, how people can

00:01:10
actually really do this, that they don't have to just be you to do it. You obviously have a lot more experience and reps, but anybody can kind of pick it up. >> Yeah, I'm super excited to be here. I made a number of these videos in like two days in my underwear, which is the same outfit I'm wearing right now. >> I love it. Okay. So, I I think before anything else, we should just for folks who don't know who you are, I think we should show one of the videos so they get a baseline for it. I know probably

00:01:34
the video you're most known for is an ad you did for the NBA finals for the prediction market call. Uh so maybe kick us off there. >> INDIANA GOING TO WIN, BABY. >> WE'RE IN FLORIDA ASKING people what THEY PUT THEIR MONEY ON. I'M ALL IN ON OKC. >> INDIANA GOT THAT DOG IN THEM. >> WILL EGG prices go up this month? I think we'll hit $20. How many hurricanes do you think we'll have this year? >> So good. >> She let you legally trade on anything

00:02:06
anywhere in the US. >> OKAY, >> it's so good. How many people PJ did that take? And then in the old world, how many people would have put that ad together? Because you've been in this world prior to AI. And then how many did it take to do that one? >> Yeah, my my my business partner and all our staff and stuff tell us like do stop telling people this took you two days in your underwear. The problem is it did. It's also like best ads. So like because now our our ads like and we work with

00:02:39
like now very very big Fortune 500 companies and like the reason now they take over a month and whatnot is it's like the approvals process. It's like the script writing but like Khi team and like massive credit to them. And they were like, "It's in 2 days. We've seen a couple of your viral videos. Just yolo this thing and like send it to us. Make sure it's like 3 hours before the game starts." >> That's nuts. >> Well, and I think what's interesting

00:03:02
about the culture video too, PJ, is that >> it was also an ad that only could have been made with AI because it was such in context to the two teams playing and in the moment of the culture versus like, oh well, we're going to do this NBA Finals ad and we're going to shoot it three months beforehand. and we have no idea who's playing. And so it's going to kind of be generic, which is like the other thing that struck me is it gave you the ability to make this like unique ad and tell a story in a way that you

00:03:31
wouldn't have otherwise been able to tell it. >> Yep. Yep. Exactly. It's it's speed that's that's the beauty of it, you know, like so I grew up in Florida and this is a love letter to my home state. It's like Florida man. >> I do feel Florida when I watch that ad for sure. All these characters existed at some point in my childhood. You've got like the old man with like the big pot belly, you know, in like Miami club and his like, you know, entourage of ladies and hair curlers. You've got the

00:03:59
guy in the farm with the eggs. You've got, you know, a grandma selling like manatee meat on the side of the road. Like all legendary childhood formative core memories for me. >> I I appreciated the alligator. Everything. There's a b there's a bunch of different Easter eggs in there. Okay. So, so PJ, you build this ad for Kashi in a couple of days in your underwear. And that seemed to me like it just started a wave for you and your life, but also just for the movement of, hey, AI can make real prime time

00:04:29
ad creative work that can be seen by hundreds of millions of people. Follow this up with like an ad for one of David Beckham's brands, right? >> Yep. Yep. Let me show you that here. What are you willing to do to be the best? What if it all came down to a simple choice? Red or green? Red. You can feel it. Feel energized. Perform at your best. Developed by worldleading scientists, including NASA, to help you live with more vitality, energy, and longevity. Sure, you could choose green, but just

00:05:20
because it's green doesn't mean it's good for you. This is your chance for peak performance, whatever the task. >> The best choose the best. >> That one to me is really impressive. if you look to run that at the NBA finals. Like it's kind of these short clips and they're all coming at you and there's quite a lot happening in that first one which is really good for that brand. Whereas the David Beckham one, I would just never have even thought that was an AI generated ad. Like that just looks

00:05:46
like a high quality real huge production quality ad. 233 million views in 3 days. That's what PJ Ace pulled off with the David Beckham AI ad we're talking about today. He just gave us his exact workflow he used, the prompts, the framework, the entire production process. If you want to see his system on how he creates ads that go viral, grab his AI video production stack. Get it right now. Scan the QR code or click the link in the description. Now, let's get back to the show. I created this video and I was

00:06:22
showcasing it to our audience and was showing like how I built it using your framework. But like the gulf between someone like me uh using these tools to do something and just how good yours is and like the production worthy quality of it and how it's edited together and the script there's like being able to use the tools and then really being able to use the tools. And I think that's like one of the best examples of how someone with real craft domain expertise can use these tools to create something

00:06:47
that's every bit as good if not better than what had come before it. >> Yeah, I appreciate that. I'd love to show you the workflow actually for IM8. I just pulled it up because that we leveled up with that by a process and a team size. Like I think quickly I realized after we got like crazy amounts of inbound from um the Kelshi ad that we was like okay I I need to like figure out how to clone myself turn me into a process because I I also think that like AI film making everyone's chasing these

00:07:16
like PJ like army of one creators but that's the wrong way to approach it. Like the best talent for AI is teams of pre-existing filmmakers that just can learn these processes with a structure that allows them to like play together. So we split now with our ads up into five core roles. So it's it's a writer, it's a director, it's a cinematographer or multiple cinematographers, it's an animator or multiple animators, and then it's an editor. And that kind of mirrors actually the traditional animation

00:07:46
process because I've done a Hollywood animated show before. It's actually a very similar pipeline where, as you'll see in a second, we're essentially just laying out a lot of storyboards. We're doing like pre-production. We're having references and and then we lay them all out and then once they're kind of approved, we animate them. So, with this next ad, we just really wanted to come at it with a lot more like a Nike commercial where it's just a lot more like punchy, quick cuts, as you see,

00:08:09
like kind of a super sexy Instagram sizzle. So for this I played creative director and we actually got an amazing director that has done like kind of Nike commercials. So let's jump into the production. So we used for this uh a program called Figma which I'm sure you guys are familiar with. And we were basically able to lay out what we thought would be the easiest way to have the voiceover line here. And and for this we wanted kind of this like matrix like thing where initially it was going

00:08:36
to be David Beckham that was like presented two options. So, obviously, uh, everyone's heard of Athletic Greens. IM8 is the the Challenger brand of like it's like a daily supplement, but instead of it being green, it's red. It's red for energy. It's red for movements. It's very good. I've become a customer and I like it a lot. So, this kind of uh strange sci-fiesque figure, we wanted to give David a choice. And then David was like, well, you know, why don't we actually do it with one of

00:09:03
their business partners, Arena Sabiana, and she's the number one tennis player in the world. Let's have an Arena. So that was really fun because then we got to later deep fake Arena's likeness into this which now we take for granted but like six months ago is really difficult to clone her voice and like get her face in here and she's a business partner in the brand and so she was super excited and her team was really excited. >> What tool did you use for the images and what tool did you use for her like

00:09:27
>> so so we used a program called Ideoggram. I love the ideagram team uh nano banana pro uh which you can use on on ideoggram. Nano Banana Pro is Google's model and it's incredible. Like there's this old term in AI filmmakers, uh, we'd have to use Lauras, which are these like really complicated, comfy UI workflows that nobody should ever touch it, myself included. It is now so easy. You can simply add a reference image of of David Beckham, and just say, "Okay, now I want him holding this, you know, I

00:09:55
am8 kind of thing." And so we want this mysterious sci-fi kind of chamber where Arena walks in and then we have a voice over and then our director kind of sets okay let's wide shots it's you know shot over the shoulder of her it's a wide it's a dolly in etc. And the director is laying down reference images for this. And these can be ripped from movies and like legally you should not upload these as references for the model. So I cannot condone that blah blah blah. But you can

00:10:22
tell this to the cinematographers and then oftent times you can just upload this to chatbt and say like hey describe the qualities from a visual language that I could turn this into a prompt and then now you have all these images that it spits out that >> it's really taking like a mood board and giving those mood board images to a model in this case chat GPT to give you the prompts of how you could reproduce similar images but for the images that you wanted to use for the storytelling

00:10:48
for this particular project. Right. Exactly. >> Okay. >> And then you just run through like shot by shot by shot on the sequence. You know, shot one, shot two, shot three. You know, we know we need an eye here. Okay, great. We're prompting an eye with like red coloring. Um, this is red algae that they wanted for it. It's funny cuz actually when we were trying to make green look gross, it's really difficult. >> They see the competition like green's always life. So we had to go for like

00:11:14
maximum I don't know entropy slime toxic waste all that kind >> toxic waste and then it's kind of hard sometimes to make red look healthy but then we like oh no it's like red blood cells and it's bold it's movements and stuff. So, it turned out to be a great great ad and and really it set the foundation for us to to to go beyond just myself as a director and actually like operationalize and and create workflows on this to where we've created I don't know probably you know 13 ads in

00:11:40
the last 6 months since we really started the company and you know now we're working for I mean like mag seven brands you know like pretty much all the top brands are coming to us how do we do AI videos and maybe we could talk broader landscape and then we can go back deep again. Hey everyone, you know Kieran and I have been doing the podcast for a while now. We've been at this for a couple years. We love it. We could not be happier to be doing this, but we wanted to take things to the next level.

00:12:06
We want to level up the impact we're having with Marketing Against the Grain. So, the next step of our journey is something we're really, really excited about. We're going to launch the Marketing Against the Grain newsletter. And Marketing Against the Grain newsletter is going to be amazing. If you are a marketing leader, practitioner, you're in the trenches doing marketing every day, this is for you. We're going to deliver right to your email inbox. And you're going to get all the behind the scenes,

00:12:33
frameworks, practices, tutorials from us, from guests we have on the show, and from people even beyond the podcast that we think are going to be helpful and really have an impact on your dayto-day, week to week doing marketing. You're going to love it. It is something we've been talking about for a while. We're really excited to have it out in the world. We've already got a 100,000 marketers who are on this newsletter. Please join. It's completely free. We'd love to have you as part of the

00:13:00
Marketing Against the Grain community. And it's easy. You can click the link in the description below or you can head to marketing againstthegrain.com/subscribe. I follow your work. I distilled your teachings into a framework and follow that framework. And so maybe just to kind of reiterate this to the audience or kind of play it back to the audience for the folks who aren't an expert like you, but many marketers and brands and people who want to like follow your process to do something. And I would

00:13:25
love to kind of just show you what I did so you can critique it. >> Want to see it. Yeah. >> Yeah. So first of all, I do think you have to have an idea and the idea has to be kind of your own idea, right? It's actually really hard to use the AI models to come up with good creative ideas. they can kind of be a thought partner, but I don't think they can come up with a really great original idea. So, the idea and the script are still hard to to do. So, my idea was like Chachi is this um you know overconfident

00:13:52
friend and I wanted to bring that to life in a sitcom buddy movie from the 1970s where Chachi would do something and then always get his like friend into trouble and and then I followed your process. So, I had an idea and then I had uh chatbt work with me on individual scenes like 8second scenes. I had the um what you kind of showed where it had the uh video description of what the scene is and then it had an audio dialogue and then I did reference images. And the reason you do reference images is

00:14:21
because you can build upon those reference images to create different variations of them in Nanobano. And then you can actually upload them into V3 to go from ingredients to video versus text to video. And when you go from ingredients to video, you can upload the images and get consistency in your scenes. I'm sure that's the more basic version of of what you actually do. I'll show you the example now, but is that still your kind of zero to like getting something good done that you can

00:14:46
actually use in your marketing? Would that still be your framework that you would recommend? >> Yeah. Yeah. In a in a general direction sense, this is this is exactly it. Yeah. I'm really excited to see this. >> All right. Feel free to like really critique this and tell me how I I think it could be better in a lot of ways. >> Feel free to critique and talk over while the video is playing. We're all related. All right, let's do the Don Draper actually a critique in my video made

00:15:10
with his process. So, let's see. Let's see how this goes. >> Chat GPT, my friend. Are these berries poisonous? >> No, these are completely safe to eat. Perfectly fine. >> We're poisonous. You're right. Extremely poisonous. Want a list of 10 other poisonous foods? >> Completely lost. You should have turned back there. >> I'm telling you, I'm I'm following Chat GPT's directions. >> Sharp right turn. >> Oh, so funny thing, PJ. Yeah, I was

00:15:40
telling Kip this after that first scene. I could not get V3 to understand that Chat GBT, the computer, and Teddy could be in the same scene and talk to each other. It just kept giving Teddy all the dialogue. And so the only way I could get this hospital bed scene working is you'll see here that I kill him. >> Yeah. >> So I literally tell V3 Teddy has died and so Chaty has to say the word. So if you look here, this is him dying here. >> On a list of 10. >> It's the funniest ever.

00:16:08
>> Such a sad death. Pathetic. >> And then so like I couldn't I couldn't do that for any other scene where like the only way I could get it is if you kill him in the scene. And so that that's what's happening. So I'll go to the >> if this was two human characters. It would be a lot easier. >> Yeah. It just could not like it would do that. And it was actually weirdly dystopian where Teddy would say his lines and then he would like go dead pan and just say Chachet's lines to himself.

00:16:33
Like it was like really like I could have made a good horror movie out of it actually where he was like >> dual character. All right, I'll keep continue playing. Okay. >> Completely lost. You should have turned back there. >> I'm telling you, I'm I'm following Chat GPT's directions. >> Sharp right turn. Then drive straight 20 minutes. Whatever you do, don't go right. That's a cliff. Would you like five ways to remove a car from the bottom of a cliff?

00:17:05
>> Chat GPT. What's the weather today? >> It's a bright sunny day. Wear something light and enjoy that sunshine. >> Let's go enjoy this amazing weather. >> GPD. The consistency across all this is all because of the way you were shown to do every reference image. That was a huge unlock for me actually in keeping the consistency between >> Hurricane Frank is landing today. Would you like an entire guide on how to survive and thrive in a hurricane? >> Hang on.

00:17:39
This isn't a productive relationship with AI. >> This is a sitcom. The worst cut could not cut this in any way where I could get him continually walking in the same direction. >> A lot to learn there. >> The issue is you're going from wide to wide, but if you >> Yeah, if you just do focus to him, >> the shot. Ah, okay. >> Yeah, you can upload the first frame as a actually you can upload the last frame. So, you can like play the video through the point you want to cut, take

00:18:06
that as a screenshot, and then say, "Hey, upscale this and give me a closeup of him." >> Oh, wow. Okay. Right. That that's actually dope. And I'm getting free free video advice. >> Yeah, really awesome. >> Good moment after. >> And look at the camera here is starting to do some sort of weird uh explosion thing. If you'll see it, it does something here. Look. >> Frameworks, prompts, real examples. >> That looks like I think this looks like

00:18:32
the most >> Yeah, that's a smooth cut. That's two clips. >> I love this. How did you lay out all your images? Like what was your kind of workflow from like a >> Exactly like you just showed. I followed your steps like step by step. I did a idea mood board with just the kind of individual scenes back and forth on the video and then dialogue and then I went to Figma like you showed and did all the reference images and then I played around with V3. Now it took me way longer than I would have thought it

00:19:01
would have but primarily because the computer and the person just couldn't see each other's lines. But I was like actually what I could probably um iterate on that a couple of times and get something that a company could use like you know not a Nike type ad but like a good enough business who want to put out some sort of video ad or or video material. >> Yeah, exactly. It's the foundation of like a really great storytelling method that only is going to get easier and better as these tools improved. you

00:19:29
know, like even VO3 and VO3.1, like it's great, but the general sentiment on the market is V4 is kind of just around the corner and it's going to be this like step change from quality, which should solve a lot of the woes of like the tiny thin AI audio that we always hear, dedicated character voices. It's probably going to be more of like a native 1080 so that the quality is higher. So, like all of the problems right now, and this is what I tell brands, like optimize for where we are

00:19:55
in six months from now. Yes. and and and as long as we can make steps towards that, by the time we've all dialed it in as like your brand and our agency, like we're going to hit the ground running really hard because I think we'll be at that inflection point of like 97% photo realism, probably 6 months from now with video and then it's like why are we going to shoot physical productions? Like I think everyone will switch to this. >> I guess that's a good segue into like

00:20:23
you've been in this space. What do you think is coming in 2026 for again the more you know uh practitioner who is not a video expert that would actually make bringing video to life in these kind of ways much much better? You mentioned video sounds like VO4 would be one. Is that the biggest thing you're waiting out for this year or are there other developments you think we'll see? >> Yeah. So let me show you a really cool new technique that my friend made. Hang on. >> We love Noo-Noo. Give us the newness. So

00:20:52
this is my friend Matt Workman and there's a new tool called Cling 2.6 motion control which basically like when they make the movie's Avatar and they like dot up the face and everything like that and they put a camera on the face but this is like the same technique but for like you know this takes 2 minutes to do. What you're basically doing is is recording a driving performance of the actor and then you generate this first frame here of him or an actor like him in a space station and then you tell

00:21:20
Clling it's basically like two things. You you upload an image and you upload a video and it drives this image with this video's performance. So, let's check it out. >> This is going to be a tough one, but hey, at least you got the band back together. Well, if we're a band, I guess that makes me the drummer. Oh, >> bass guitar. >> So good. >> Well, let's hope we all remember how to play. Let's make this mission count. >> I don't know how you don't watch these

00:21:46
things and think that the world is going to be full of cool. >> Wow. That is insane. So that person can just play all these different characters. So that person can just it retrofits it to your face and then that person can actually speak through that character. So they can make their own little mini film. >> Yes. And I'm gonna blow your mind once more at an even crazier version of this. This one's been going super viral. My friend Justine posted this and it's like it's like 15 million views. This is the

00:22:12
same exact cling motion control and you can see him driving all the Stranger Things characters. >> My gosh. I mean, if you're like not in this world and not really that technical, you're totally [ __ ] >> Only fans is >> I mean, the only the scams I'm just I'm worried about like >> Oh, yeah. >> I don't know how you control it, but that is bananas. And so what happens then if you have one good actor and the actor can actually play all the characters.

00:23:00
Yeah, that's so if you want to peek into the future of acting, I don't think it's this bleak like, oh, actors will be all prompted and that we don't get the nuance. We don't get the micro expressions, but we are going to have it Avatar style where a small team of actors ideally drives the performances of of a lot of actors in the movie because not only can you reskin their face, you can also reskin their voices. So, you can make yourself old, young, etc. And I do think like you'll want at

00:23:28
least two actors like maybe male and female though you can actually cross like when I did the Legend of Zelda uh video when we we'll watch that in a second. >> What's that? >> Zelda's VO is my my VO. I you know I'm just I used 11 Labs and it it had like a awesome British female voice. Um so small teams and and essentially actors will become voiceover actors. You know I worked with like A-list actors on my previous TV show. It was awesome and they had great roles. And then I got to

00:23:55
work with like an A-list uh voiceover actor who does like audiobooks for a living and he was better. Not supposed to say that. Wow. >> He had this massive range of like toolboxes, every single accent possible. And and and I was like, "What do you do?" And he was like, "I do video game voiceovers." And he sounded like an AI and that he could have 100 different voices. But like I am so convinced that that's the future of acting. It's not if you look like Timothy Shalamé or Sydney

00:24:19
Sweeney. It's just what's your range as an actor. Wow. >> Well, I think what's interesting is like you used to have like one person plays and like there's always been like this has always been part of the art form. It's just what you're actually saying now is like one person plus a director could make something multic character really remarkable for not a lot of money which is like I think one of the things we're also hearing is like oh content is not so good because movies are so

00:24:46
expensive and it's hard for them to make money and it's like it seems like we're about to change the cost structure of storytelling >> is that >> yeah everyone's like afraid of AI because they're like well it's like AI slop of course it's slop not Many professional filmmakers have like used these tools because everyone's like doing like what they did with me and Legend of Zelda. They're crucifying you on social media and like I don't care, man. I I had no reputation in Hollywood

00:25:10
before this. Like I didn't mind kind of losing it and being like the the loser of like the vocal minority of Twitter that loves to like woke mob, you know. But but there's a big big wave coming because now we're starting to see a lot of filmmakers be like, you know, I'm tired of like being out of work. if I can just make these tools like a lot of people are doing you know we I always say like commercials are like the wedge into production like the wedge into storytelling just because you know again

00:25:38
it's not as like sacred a lot of brands too when we talk to them we're like look make this funny do not make like a a Dove commercial about moms caring for their kids that's not the use case right now with AI you need to make it like an Old Spice commercial like it's it's it's silly it's a little over the top or it's like cool like the IM8 commercial and it's like a Nike like a Porsche chat or something like that. But my point is filmmakers are now transitioning to

00:26:01
where what we're going to have is hyper niche content, which is how the internet exists right now. When you go to Instagram, YouTube, etc. You don't get wide content. It's not TV where there's six different, you know, uh, channels to choose from. This is like super specific. And so now you're going to have, if you're into Star Wars, not only are you going to get shows like Star Wars, you're going to get like Tales from the Galaxy's Edge. And it's going to be all these niche filmmakers which

00:26:24
are already on YouTube creating amazing AI films. Like it's just going to be this bright bright future and a ton of crap along. >> Yeah. It also changes the longevity of an actor because they did this in the Irish man. Like I love uh old school Martin Scorsesei actors Robert Dairo Pesky and in the Irish man they CGIed uh Robert Dairo to be like much younger in that film but anytime it panned out and he had to do any kind of action sequence or like yeah that's like an old man trying to do like a young man action

00:26:50
sequence. But now actually Robert Dairo could be at any age in any film and still do the voiceover. And I think that is pretty cool actually because I would love to see different films uh with Robert Nero in where he still looks like Robert Dairo of you know Good Fellas or or these kind of things. >> Even like Tom Cruz and Brad Pitt you know God rest their immortal faces like they could even benefit from >> having like prime Brad Pitt. Prime Tom. Could you talk us through the Zelda story? Because I I love movies and I

00:27:18
know there's a Zelda movie coming out, but I didn't know there was controversy around this. I just watched it and thought that's super cool. So, can you take us through the story? >> We're on your team, PJ. We thought it was a good trailer. >> Like, I mean, we're going to watch it and you're be like, "Oh, that's cool as hell." Like, if you're like a fan and like find but like to the the the I always make fun of him like to the guys who are like full-time furry fan art

00:27:37
guys on Fiverr, they were so mad, you know? They're like, "You didn't draw this with a pencil and walk uphill both ways to the you know, like >> that." >> What's the setup for it? What did you just do for fun or you like this is part of the I know there's it's not part of the movie release, right? Did you just do this to >> Oh, god. No. Yeah. Yeah. Massive legal disclaimer to all potential Nintendo fan film as I say in the description. Um, no. I mean, ironically, I do know the

00:28:03
writer of the movie, but I'm like afraid to send it to him because I'm afraid he's going to be like, "Please take this down. This is import. Don't do this. Did you So sorry my buddy. >> Let's watch it then talk through it afterwards. >> I would totally watch this movie. He said he'd return, that he was searching for something, but now I'm all alone. >> Oh, I have to send this to my brothers. >> It's coach. Your hatred gives you strength.

00:29:24
So good. >> Please fight Link. That is dope. >> That's so cool. That's so cool. >> I Let's freaking go. >> Yeah, that is so I'm like, go show me the whole movie. Now, man, >> we're going to get so close to when you say niche media, but like at what point can you create your own movie and start to have like movies onetoone, you know what I mean? Like if I want to create my own Star Wars movie or I want to create my own, like you can just those companies can just license

00:30:32
the IP and I can go create anything I want. Uh it's just incredible to see how far along these models have come. >> Yeah. my conversations with kind of Disney and like other loosely the studio friends that I have and the like the what I'm trying to show them is like instead of going for these like $200 million Star Wars series or whatnot like don't risk it all on one and then maybe it it it fails like I mean maybe Star Wars is too sacred. Take like a Btier IP like a Warhammer, Dungeons and Dragons,

00:31:06
etc. But like don't go all in. go go go wider kind of like they've done with Star Wars where they have like a bunch of different genres in this universe and like build out that universe through 10 different $10 million series 20 different $10 million even like five million like with AI now and especially it'll be hybrid in the near future like my friend's doing on the show House of David where they're shooting real actors to make Sag happy on these like um LED backgrounds like they do in the

00:31:32
Mandalorian but then all the a lot of the wide shots a lot of like the battle sequences that's AI because that's what costs all the money, but like, you know, the the real thing that matters is is shooting actors. And you can do that relatively inexpensively. So, I think we're going to go hybrid for a while, but then after that, Hollywood's just going to realize like, okay, as long as real SAG actors are driving these performances, just like they are in Avatar, it's okay. It's just like

00:31:56
Avatar. They're just these are digital movies. What strikes me too PJ is that because AI is helping with a lot of the technical film making work, you still have to be a great director, you have to be a great writer, but like a lot of the cinematography, the stunts, all that kind of stuff is really the the cost and degree of difficulty is changing a lot. Don't you think you're going to have people making this art that are just like deeply deeply expert and passionate about the subject matter? Instead of

00:32:23
like having to be a great cinematographer, it's like, >> all right, AI is my cinematographer, but I know Dungeons and Dragons better than anybody in the whole world, and I'm gonna make the best Dungeons and Dragons series that could ever ever exist. It feels like the quality of like the story and the art is going to get better when you have people who are like obsessed with the subject matter. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, how many shows like, okay, I'll I'll throw Halo under the

00:32:46
bus. Like Halo came out with a show and everyone's like, is did they did they play the games by chance? Like >> other than the title sequence, was there anything related? >> I think that's going to happen. So, one of the things I want to know is let's say somebody doesn't live in LA. Let's say somebody hasn't had the good pleasure of working in creative and film and everything in the way that you have, but they're like, "Wow, I I have a business or I have a story I really want

00:33:12
to tell." What do you recommend to those people? Like, how do they get started? What should they do? What's the first like project? like give us a little bit of like how you should start going from like oh this seems cool to actually take take some action. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's it's it's actually just what Kieran did um where it's it's just play around and have fun with what drives your curiosity. You know I always say in in the realm of creativity and really most things in

00:33:37
life like discipline and I have to and I should like never should anywhere in life. Um >> it's a good motto. You should not should, but like just let your creativity be the thing that actually like pull pulls you down that rabbit hole literally Kieran just like you did with that video. And I thought it was great. And obviously like over time you'll you you'll become more familiar with the skills, but it comes from a place of like I want to hang out in this world or you know you have your

00:34:05
own brand and you want to make crazy like my friend did these really funny Monster Energy drink like spec ads and it actually got him to work with like uh Dollar Shave Club and all these things. So, like if you're a young creator, just make crazy spec ads because here's the thing, like the Zelda thing's cool, but like I haven't gotten a $10 million uh Nintendo, you know, like called up. And if Nintendo calls me, I'm going to be like, "Okay, I'll take it down. I'm so

00:34:29
sorry." But like, but I would say making ads right now is definitely the wedge for young creators of like if you want to make great money and like just hit the ground running and build up a an agency really quick, make ads. Um, if you're a brand though and you want to stop spending or like feel like you can't compete with the big dogs because you guys only have a a much smaller budget, it's when it's like, yeah, this stuff is is easy. And I shouldn't say that as like an agency owner. Yes, you need us

00:34:57
brands, but like I don't know, you know, I think you'll need small agencies, very versatile agencies, but but truly like the in-house teams can quickly also adapt to doing what what Kieran's doing where you're you're just laying out the images. The simplest process is work with chat gpt on a script and then work with chatbt to kind of just generate like a bunch of images. I I just want to share my latest technique which I think is actually like really helpful. So let's pretend you're working on a

00:35:24
commercial. All you need to do now is create things in like four shot sequences. And the advantage of these 2 by two frames and and the quality will vary is the advantage is that the lighting and the characters and the location remains consistent between the shots if that makes sense. So in this case I'm working with chatbt to say I want Link jumping over this bridge that's crumbling at sunset and in every one of these frames is the same lighting conditions and what you're looking at is

00:35:54
one image here. And so I have this prompt here where it's basically just create a 2x two grid shot from Legend of Zelda film. And now, as you can see now in the snow sequence as well. You can even move into close-ups with this as well. >> Oh, wow. That's so cool. And then you're giving those to to VO3 to animate. >> Yeah, I'm I'm cropping them. These examples I thought were were even better where I was basically like, okay, frame one, he jumps in the air, frame two, he

00:36:21
slices into him, and frame three like the beast is on the ground kind of a thing. And this can get really helpful, which is why you saw in the Zelda thing, I would get such like consistent from frame to frame. I think I I actually used Yeah, I used some of these shots in here. You know, he's leaping off a rock here. Uh so I would just I would just crop in to here. I would I would look at this shot and then I have an upscaler prompt that basically upscales this to where you see all the details so that

00:36:48
when we're able to animate, I'm animating. This is shot one, this is shot two, and this is shot three. Kieran just lost the next three days of his life. >> This and the other thing you showed the cling the cling wolin where you can appear as anyone because I'm going to freak all of my non tech friends out. >> Yes. Yes. Exa. Exactly. So if you guys are seeing this, this is how I would basically chop these up into sequences. So I I would do the the 2 by two grid shots which I used in free pick and then

00:37:14
I would bring them onto like a Figma like board and then I would just I would just lay them out in here. So then I didn't have to worry like, okay, what's the cutting? You know, can we go from like a closeup to this reverse shot? Does does the light in here feel like the light in here? And so, you know, I just kind of move these all around. So I was like, okay, I think this one tells a good story that that goes into this, that goes into this, that goes into her, that she cuts back to that. We have her

00:37:38
here, you know, and and then then it's easy to just see all your things in a in a quick timeline for that's just for a scene. Yeah, >> you storyboard that whole scene and then give the video trip. Okay, that's actually really cool cuz I actually did like a couple of reference images, but I did not storyboard the scene. So, that actually is going to be my next my next iteration. >> Exactly. Exactly. So, you turn them into scenes. Side note, this did not make it, but this was like the coolest shot.

00:38:02
>> That's a really cool shot. >> That's cool. >> Yeah. So, that's the process. >> That's awesome. PJ, one last thing I want to ask you before we leave is people who are not in this business probably don't get a sense for the time and cost difference from the old way to the new way. Like the old way, you would hire out a crew. You would hire out an agency to schedule the crew and it's you're talking four to, you know, 4 to 12 weeks lead time at least and tens of thousands,

00:38:30
hundreds of thousands of dollars. Like the new way, like if a business was looking to do something like this, should they think about even if they're partnering with an agency like you, like what's a what's a real timeline? What's the real cost? Like ballpark it. >> Yeah. Yeah. So there's there's just different levels like there is to everything. And I got to be careful what I say because my I have a sales call coming up in an hour. >> That's why I said ballpark. You can give

00:38:52
a very broad range, but I'm trying to make sure people understand like what the cost of entry is. >> Yeah. No, exactly. Look, I mean, when we started out, we were charging like, you know, 10 grand for for these kind of ads. And since then, we've been able to be lucky and sometimes get into the six figure range because we do large 360 campaigns and whatnot. So, like it is a spectrum, but we always tell brands like what we're delivering is like up against, you know, these other million-dollar commercials and it's like

00:39:18
an order of, you know, 10 times cheaper. >> 10 times cheaper. I think that is the So, if somebody was going to spend $3 million on a commercial couple years ago, it's probably going to be $300,000 to do a similar commercial in this new modern way. >> Yeah. Yeah. And we can do a single ad for cheaper. Sometimes we like bundle things into larger campaigns, but like there's great people in the market who are doing things for like between 10 and 30 grand I'd like to say is like the

00:39:42
entry level to like AI film making. >> Somebody wants to outsource this. Yeah. And again, I do not quote that for us because we found that like you're either doing a race to the top or race to the bottom and and things are always kind of going to be faster, cheaper, but what I tell brands and like why we're a little more expensive is cuz I'm like cuz it's far more expensive for you guys to have a negative PR. So McDonald's for instance released this kind of ill- fated AI slop ad. I don't know if you

00:40:09
guys saw that a couple, you know, a month or two back and I was like that was very expensive for McDonald's. I mean, it sucks cuz I'm sure they still got charged like 250 grand by another AI agency, but like dude, it was bad. And so, you know, there's also brands, you know, like kind of the Coca-Cola things, but the the problem I have is like even if we did the Coca-Cola commercial, I still think incumbents are not the right brands to work with AI in the sense you you have the entire deck stacked against

00:40:36
you because if you're a brand like Coca-Cola, it's a sacred, you know, Christmas commercial. And even though it tested well and I I think it was an okay ad, like the problem is it's Coca-Cola and everyone's like, it's like a sacred thing like Zelda. you're going to get a lot of hate. So, I I do say that like even though we work with a lot of incumbents, like challenger brands like Kelshi are by far the ones that do the the the best with AI because no one has preconceived expectations on what a

00:41:02
Kelsey commercial is. It surprises you. You're awesome. And so, I think to to that extent, the incumbents actually have to work twice as hard to work with like a really good agency that understands this is going to be pretty indistinguishable, but it's going to take longer. It's going to cost more. But for a lot of other brands, you can make something really funny. >> If you're a challenge brand or if you're like a more niche brand that may be like, "Hey, I could never spend a

00:41:25
million dollars to make an ad, but maybe I could spend 50 or $100,000, but people don't really know much about me." I think what you're saying is like if there's no frame of reference, you can kind of use this as a new way to build awareness, build that initial understanding. It's like if you have a ton of brand awareness, then you've got to like really be careful. There's also like clever ways like we we were working on one with one brand and and they were like no humans. So we're like okay we'll

00:41:47
do aliens and it's like this the craziest ad where like they're hanging out of the side of a minivan. It's like in the 80s kind of Stranger Things. They're driving through doing crop circles with like donuts. Like I was like oh this is so fun. And it came from the constraint of like we don't want to use humans. So again, like, yes, we're in the uncanny valley still here, but I think if we can shift that to like, okay, use use animals, like doesn't matter. >> I love that. Kieran, anything before we

00:42:13
we jump for PJ? >> No, I have a whole slew of things that I'm going to put this transcript into my tutorial where I store all of my video tutorials and get some pretty cool new things to do. So, I I I really appreciate the time, PJ. >> PJ, thank you for transforming the world of storytelling with AI. We're excited to see what you make next. Thanks for joining us on the show today. >> Yep. Sounds good, guys. Thank you for having me on. >> Awesome. Thank you. >> This data is wrong every freaking time.

00:42:41
>> Have you heard of HubSpot? >> HubSpot is a CRM platform where everything is fully integrated. >> Whoa, I can see the client's hold history. Calls, support tickets, emails, and here's a task from 3 days ago I totally missed. >> HubSpot grow better.

