Hey guys, Mark here. In this video, I'm going to show you how to get disgustingly rich with AI image ads. AI image ads are one of the greatest inventions in the history of modern advertising. The reason why is number one, you can make them extremely fast. Especially what we're going to be using today, Nano Banana Pro. You basically don't need anything else. Like literally, that is the gold standard right now. There's not even any reason to have another model. Reason number two is they're really cheap. A lot of times

you'll run video ads and you'll see your ad cost will immediately rise just because it's going from an image format to a video. Videos are just expensive a lot of times because sometimes you get higher quality traffic, but not always. Some of my most successful ads in my career have actually been images. Now, the only problem with these two things is that most people despite this still have zero idea how to actually make good image ads. Even if you have Nano Banana Pro, it's not always as simple. What

most people do is just find a competitor and just say, "Hey, remake this." And you can do that, of course, and sometimes it'll work, but there is a way that is so much easier, so much better, and will actually produce you real winners that you can scale and make some stupid [ __ ] money with. So, let's get into it. Now, let's talk about something that nobody actually talks about, which is there's really two types of image ads that you can run. And this is actually something that unlike most things in the

world, does actually exist on a spectrum. On the lefth hand side, you have very indirect ads. Indirect ads are essentially ads that you're running where the person that's looking at the ad is not super aware of the sales process that's going on. And of course at the other side would be direct ads. Direct ads, think of super bottom of funnel retargeting ads. Hey, buy my [ __ ] Buy my [ __ ] Buy my [ __ ] Here's the reality of this spectrum. They both actually work. They are both incredibly

effective and they can both sometimes work on all different temperatures of traffic, not just cold, warm or hot. But most of the times you'll see your indirect ads be the ones that can scale the most on cold. These are the ones that are going to make you the most amount of money. And then the direct more often than not is what you use on all your retargeting traffic still can make you a lot of money, but just not at the scale that these indirect ones can. And notice literally the only difference

between ads that are direct versus ads that are indirect is their level of awareness. This is fundamental marketing knowledge. But if you were to run a direct ad, where do you think that would mostly be? Well, I would say mostly product aware and most aware. Whereas, if you're running an unaware ad and you're doing more education, more persuasion, you're using longer form ad copy, maybe you're using VSSLs, maybe you're using long form primary text with your images, that's going to be mostly

the unaware and the problemaware segment. Not always, but that's generally a way that you can kind of distinguish the two. Again, they both work incredibly well. I see most people that are making image ads, they're typically residing over here when in reality, these are the ones that can actually help you scale your account and make you stupid [ __ ] money. But in this video, we're going to talk about both. So, I'm inside my software, Get Hooked, here. If you guys want to check it out, hit the second link in the

description. But this is an example of a direct ad. As you can see, it's one main benefit statement. The product is in the image, and then there's a few additional features slash kind of benefit driven statements here. It's actually kind of funny because this guy was clearly using AI and not using it correctly because he misspelled inflammation. And I literally just noticed that right now. This is a, you know, relatively successful ad. But anyways, this is an example of a direct ad. Another great example here from

Blissey, very successful direct response heavy brand as well where there's an offer, a testimonial, the product, social proof. It's very simple, but it's also very direct. Is this going to be something that scales, you know, hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of ad spend on cold traffic? Probably not. But you put that in your retargeting campaigns, middle and bottom of funnel, or just use them as middle and bottom of funnel creatives, they're likely going to be very profitable for

you at a lower scale. Now indirect ads on the other hand would be something like this which it is incredibly incredibly top of funnel. You're casting a massively wide net. And what these guys are doing if you scroll down is they essentially have the image here simply as a scroll stopper which is a super common you know what people call like native ads but it's been around for [ __ ] ever. But this is where the image is mostly just designed to get you to stop scrolling. If you just look at

the image I have no idea what's being sold here. Not a [ __ ] clue. But then you look at the ad copy and it's old school direct response long form. and finally getting to whatever the [ __ ] they're selling down here. Great example of a indirect popfunnel ad. Again, of course, made with AI. Here's another good example of an indirect ad here. As you can see, a lot of text on this one. I'm actually not a huge fan of having a ton of text on your image ads because a lot of times you can see it increase

your CPMs, but sometimes it's worth it. You know, in this case, this is essentially like a news headline. She's 57 from Norway. Here's why she has zero belly fat. and then it's read the article, going to a listical, going to an advertorial to pre-sell them before they actually buy. Once again, a relatively solid indirect ad here. And so, I'm going to show you in this video how to make both of them, direct, indirect. This method works for everything. Now, for all of you lazy [ __ ] out there, which is

probably the majority of you, you got to understand that there are two ways that you can make ad. You can either swipe, which is just a marketer's way of saying steal somebody else's ad and kind of like adjust a little bit of it and rip it for yourself. Or number two, you can create your own from scratch. And these both have their place. To be honest, my most successful ads have been ads that I have created, not ads that I have swiped. But swipes are typically going to have a slightly higher win rate,

which means your likelihood of actually having an ad that is successful and profitable is higher simply because you're taking somebody else's data. This competitor already tested this ad, figure out that it was working and it's going to remake it for himself. Now, let's start with swipes. As I said, I'm going to show you both. The best way to look at swipes is of course going to be inside of Get Hooked. I know, shameless plug, but you know, second link in the description. You know, get hook.ai has

an explore section, which is basically like the ad library, but on steroids. Every time there's a new update published to the ad library, we also publish it inside of Get Hooked. Most recently, there is the like the low impression score, high impression score. So, we also have that in here just for those that are curious. But what you want to do, go to the left-h hand side and select ads that are at least four or five stars. We're going to look for ads that are images right now. So, we're

going to select that. I want to see ads that are still running and they've been running for at least, let's say, 7 days. because anything less than that is not going to be proven. And then last thing, I don't even know if you guys can see this, but I'm going to put obviously ads in English as well. And now you quite literally just take your pick. All of these ads are successful in some rights. Of course, we can't see exactly how much ad spend, but obviously that would be something a little bit different, but

this is an incredible resource for you to be able to create image ads. So, for example, we look at one like this. Is this direct or indirect? Obviously, this is going to be more direct. We've got the product right in front of us, the price on the image, a simple benefit statement, and a call to action. This is like the most basic ad of all time. Who knows how successful it is? You know, obviously successful at least a little bit. Maybe it's only as a retargeting ad. But let me show you how to actually

recreate an ad like this in literally less than 30 seconds. Now, whether you're creating from a swipe or creating from, you know, completely scratch, you need to have your foundational docs. Okay? I'll leave the link to this document in the description of this video. This is the most important document anytime you're creating ads because this is the fuel for everything that you write and everything that you create. Why are your customers actually buying? What is their level of awareness? What is their level of

consciousness? What is their stage of sophistication? If you don't know any about what I just said, you definitely need this document. So, just take some time, follow the SOP, and what's going to happen is you'll get an output of four to five documents that are essentially like your they're called the foundational docs for read like it's literally your foundation to create anything that you want. So after you have those documents, we're going to head over to Gemini. The three main AI

models are Chat GBT, Gemini, and Claude. And each of them have their own unique version of essentially how you can kind of pre-train a conversation and you won't have to just like have all these prompts, you know, that you're like copy pasting, copy pasting. You only have to do it once. So for chat GBT, it's custom GBTs. For Claude, it's project. And for Gemini, it's custom gem. So all you have to do is go to Gemini and select new gem. Now, if you want the actual instructions to use in this Gemini gem,

as well as all the other prompts associated with this video, just go to my Instagram, it's Mark BuildsBrands, and DM me the word spoon. You know why? Cuz I'm spoon feeding you guys right now with how easy this is. You'll paste in the instructions, and then the only other thing you have to do is upload those foundational documents as knowledge in this Gemini Gym. That is it. As soon as you hit that, you can hit save and let's give it a test. Now, let's say this is the ad that I wanted

to recreate. If you guys want to see how easy this process is, you're just going to go inside of Get Hooked. You're going to hit download media. You're going to go to that Gemini jam that you just built and we are going to upload that directly in the conversation and then hit enter. You don't need to say anything. No prompting. All the hard work is already done because you have that knowledge already built in and you have the instructions already written. This will run. It'll take 10 to 30

seconds and then you'll see the output. Now, in this case, I'm using a demo brand and selling filtered shower heads. So it's going to be difficult, you know, to get it to work for this style of creative, but let's see what we can do. So basically what it's doing is analyzing why this was successful, turning it into a sort of formula, coming up with options for the copy, also including the branding so that the ad doesn't look like this ad. It's actually your own branding, your own

font, your own like everything looks like your brand. Then down here we have the prompt. So what we're going to do is copy that prompt and then we're going to go into Higsfield. Higsfield is still my favorite image generation tool. If you want to just use Gemini and Nano Banana Pro in there, you can. The reason that I like Higsfield is because you can create so many variations so freaking fast. As you can see, before I was filming this video, I was having some fun. Uh, but it's just so insane because this entire

process, like you can just have dozens of fire ad concepts in like 20 minutes. But what we're going to do is go ahead and paste that entire prompt into the section down here. Make sure you have Nano Banana Pro selected. I'm in the 1:1 aspect ratio, and I'm making four generations here. Now, since this is an ad that has the product featured in it, I'm just also going to upload a PNG of my product on a white background. Everything is done at this point. We're going to hit enter. Now, we have all

those variations loaded right here. And boom, we already have eight damn near perfect generations of these images. You can see the text. There's zero issues with it. Everything is perfect. Everything is crystal clear. There's no misspellings. And it's still modeling that main image. This is just insane. Like, we have amazing concepts right here. It's perfectly on brand. It's benefit driven. And there's high converting copy. What else do you need at this point? Nothing. So from here,

you just take your favorite generation. If you want to make any adjustments, you can. Maybe if you want to change the copy, you just come here and adjust the prompt. The only caveat here is if you have an ad like this one, let's say, and you're like, "It's good, not great. I want to make some adjustments." Just copy the image, go into Gemini, and go back and forth with Gemini making the adjustments. It's that simple. You can now literally just type a one-s sentence prompt and say, "Hey, fix this. Change

this to that." And it'll do it perfectly almost every single time. So if it's not quite perfect in Higsfield, that's what I do. They used to have an edit option in here in Higsfield, unless I'm [ __ ] which is, you know, very likely. I don't see it anymore. So you can just go into Gemini and do it there. So just like that, you already have a freaking billion ad ideas because swipes are relatively easy and they're usually relatively profitable, too. Now, let's talk about actually creating new ad

concepts from scratch. This is something really cool because most people in the space don't have more than four brain cells combined up in their cranium. So, if you're able to come up with original ideas yourself, you can actually separate yourself from the competition and you can use AI as a second brain to come up with highly, highly unique ideas that can scale before anybody else tries to rip your ass. Unfortunately for you, this process is also very simple. This is what we're going to do. Instead of in

Gemini, we're going to head over to Claude. Now that we're inside Claude, what we're going to do is paste our fancy dancy little prompt. Again, if you want to just DM me Boon on Instagram and then we're going to upload our foundational docs and go ahead and hit enter. Make sure you have sonnet 4.5 selected. having anything more than that is overkill and often times even less effective. And now that we completed that, we're going to enter our second prompt. And while this is loading, I'll

kind of explain what we're doing here. What we're really doing is giving this clawed window all of the context on our offer, on the product, on the market, and then feeding it a few different image ad concepts, ideas, and having it go deep into the emotional research specifically to pull out what are the real emotional hot points, what are the re real triggers, and then turning those into static ad concepts. So, should be generating a few as ready already as you can see. So, we'll take a concept like

this, a before and after transformation. Very proven, but can sometimes be risky to add in your ad account. Good thing this isn't an actual brand we're running right now. Then, we're going to pop back into Higsfield. Paste the prompt. Hit generate. In this case, you know, I did take a quick glance, but there is no product in this one. It is literally just a kind of a before and after here. So, we got the prompt, put into Higsfield. Let's see what we get. All right. And we got some good options

here. Some very interesting options. We have the one that I like the best here is probably going to be either this one or the one right next to it, which is this one. But both very solid high curiosity high top offunnel indirect ads that we created. Now is this really a new concept? No. Obviously, obviously before and afters are nothing new. But if you continue to run this claw process, guess what you can say? Make me 10 more. Make me 20 more. Make me 30 more. You can just keep going and keep going and keep going. Not every single

one is going to be like completely unique. Nobody's ever thought of it or done it before. But some of them are. And even if it doesn't fall into that category, maybe you can find a unique spin on a proven concept, a proven uh format of a static ad and just iterate, iterate, iterate, and you have just a bunch of variations of highly successful ads. Now, the last thing I want to say in this video is for the past few months, I've actually been building something that I have literally told

nobody about. Not even my own team knows about what I've been building. And this is going to be something specific for guys that are doing over $100,000 per month. So, if that's you and you're listening to me speak these words right now, I want you to click the third link in the description and join my email list because that is where I'm going to be announcing the secret project I've been working on very soon. So, if that's you, go ahead there. Other than that, we have plenty of training inside of Brand

Builds Academy, guys. If you want to learn more about our AI image ads process, AI videos, which is a whole another thing. So, if you're interested, you can always click the first link and apply for that. Other than that, see you guys in the next video. Peace.

