The number one question I'm being asked every single day is, "Harry, how do I get rid of Tik Tok shop violations? How do I stop getting my accounts banned? How do I stop getting these misleading content violations?" Okay. Well, everywhere I look on YouTube, I don't see anyone talking about real ways to reverse violations, to avoid violations. Look, as someone who's been doing Tik Tok shop for 2 years now, I've had over 1 million GMV, multiple months, over 60K profit, okay, I can tell you the five

[music] best strategies to not get any Tik Tok shop violations, okay? And as someone who's had many, many accounts banned, I've had to learn all these things the hard way. And I want to tell them to you right now. And each one of these five strategies are going to be different, something you've never heard before, okay? And I guarantee at least one or two of them will help you out. And I recommend staying to the end because every single one gets better and better with a higher chance of success.

And by the way guys, I want all my videos to be better than anyone else's paid course. So if you don't get value out of this video, you can dislike the video. Okay? That's how confident I'm going to be that this is going to be stuff you've never heard of before. Let's get into it. First of all, guys, most you aren't even using this. The video pre-check tool. Tik Tok literally gives you a tool to avoid violations. And most of you guys don't even use it. You just freaking go in raw. You go in

without foreplay. You're posting immediately. I hope this works. I hope this works. I hope I don't get banned. I just paid $500 for an account. Hope I don't get banned. I'm not going to even use the pre-check tool. So, use the pre-check tool. If you do enough GMV, you can get 10 checks. I posted all these videos, guys. No issues. Now, when you go to appeal these, right, if these do get a violation, the best thing about the pre-check tool is that when you use it and you get a violation on those

videos, you can take a screenshot of this page and say, "Hey, look, I used your pre-check tool and I got a violation. It's your fault, Tik Tok. You got to gaslight the [ __ ] out of them." Gaslight the hell out of Tik Tok. [snorts] I used your pre-check tool. I tried to follow the guidelines and I got a violation. It's your fault. This often means you get your violation reversed. I'm telling you right now, this pre-check tool is OP, okay? Because if you get a violation on these videos, you

can get that [ __ ] taken away because you it's not your fault. Now, another thing, guys, is to stop promoting products that will get you misleading violations. Okay, what does that mean? That means it's February 2026 right now. If you're doing AI influencers like I am and like most of my audience, okay, don't do any more health products for now, okay? At least until a big promotion for health products comes up. Don't do any more health products. This happens all the time, okay? I knew that during Black

Friday, no one was going to get violations during Black Friday because Tik Tok wants to make heaps of money during this time. They turn their violations off essentially. But if you were doing Tik Tok shop in June and July, you would have remembered everyone started getting banned for no reason for videos they posted 4 months ago. So you it depends on the time of the year guys. You have to be careful. Now I on my last video I showed you guys my account. I can show you right now that this account

right has already been banned. Okay? Like every single AI account I've had has been banned. But it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter because if you make if you get an account, right, and you make 50k, 100k profit on it, you don't care if it gets banned after that. I made nearly $200,000 profit just off this account. And I've had 10 plus accounts. So, I don't care, right? You really just don't care. And if you're getting paid directly by the brands instead of getting commission through Tik Tok,

doesn't even matter. Always get paid by the brands, guys. Especially if you're doing AI, never get paid directly through Tik Tok, okay? Or else they can hold the commission. They got power over you. You don't want that. So, if we're not promoting health products, what products can we promote that are very profitable? Well, I'll show you some right now that are working well with AI. This has been running for a while, and this is the product is promoting. Okay, Bible only a 52- week journey, and this

is a AI video, and it's promoting the product. Let's have a look. >> God will never let you get comfortable in a place you don't belong. The reason you've been feeling unsettled might be because you're trying to build a life in a place [music] God only meant to teach you a lesson. each week >> promotes the book at the end. Okay, it promotes the book. The reason you are getting banned and you're getting violations is cuz you're trying to still live in like the beginning of 2025

saying that it's going to help you shed your belly, lose weight. Tik Tok hates that right now. Okay? I believe in about 3 months they're going to turn it down. Guys, it's not just AI, okay? Right now, it's not just AI. It's everyone. Everyone's getting violations. Everyone's getting their like accounts banned. It's not just AI people. Now, so many of you have asked me, Harry, do you have one-on-one mentorship? I'm finally opening a mentorship for you guys where

we will give you products that won't get banned, okay? Scripts you can use, and I'm working with everyone personally to analyze your videos, see where you went wrong, okay? And how you can improve your videos. So, if you want the fastest path from beginner to making real money with our influencers, fill out the application below, and we'll see if we can get you in there. There's a limited number of spots because I have to work with everyone personally, so I can't work with everyone, but my free videos

on YouTube are still better than anyone else's paid course. So, let's get back into the video. >> Just read the Bible. [music] You >> Okay, so it's promoting a Bible study book. AI videos are not getting banned depending on the product. Okay, there are, I'd say, at least 20 products that people are doing uh very well with AI right now that are not health products. Now, let's get back to what else might be getting you banned. Okay, bottom ofunnel. I have always personally hated

bottom ofunnel and bottom ofunnel is getting banned a lot, but especially AI bottom ofunnel. This is a a message from Nick G, one of the biggest account sellers for Tik Tok shop in the entire world. Okay. Hello everyone. Right now it's re it's not recommended that you post AI bottomfunnel content. Okay. AI bottomfunnel content is getting hit heavily by bans right due to new Tik Tok guidelines and US ownership. Please familiarize yourself with this. Okay. So if you come to me saying Harry how do I

not get banned but you're doing a bottom of funnel. Don't even talk to me cuz I want you guys to build skills like copywriting and sales that actually last. If you just say this is the last day to get it at this low price and you post 100 times, yeah, you might make some money, but what do you do after that? Okay, so if you don't bottom a final stop, now I do want to say one more thing about copying other people's scripts. Guys, if you try to copy my scripts, why it might not work, it'll

probably get you banned. And the reason it'll get you banned is because Tik Tok uses AI to give out these bands. Okay? So, if it sees that you're the 200th person to use the exact same script as someone else, they're going to be much more heavier on you. Okay? But if you're the first person to use a completely new script, they're much less likely to give you a ban and much more less likely to even recognize that it's a video trying to make exaggerated claims. Second method I want to talk about is the

double appeal method. So, usually we all know that if you go to appeal a violation, usually it doesn't get reversed. But not many people know that you can actually appeal a violation twice. How do you do that? Well, first of all, I'll put a recording on this video. But after the appeal gets denied, you want to go and take a screenshot of the violation. Then what you're going to go do is go to your Tik Tok shop, create a dashboard, and scroll all the way to the bottom to where it says, "Need more

help? Go to the support page." Once you're in the support page, you want to open a live chat. and you want to specifically say open a chat with a live agent. Then once you're in that chat, you'll be probably nowadays maybe like 10th in line, 15th in line. And once you are connected to a live agent, you want to send them a screenshot of your violation. Okay? And then paste in a script like the one on screen saying, "Hey, I've reviewed the Tik Tok shop guidelines and I reviewed my video. I

appealed my video, but the appeal was denied. I believe my video follows the Tik Tok guidelines." Okay. based on what violation you got, whether it's a irrelevant product promotion, right? Whether it's uh misleading content, okay? Just say, "I believe my video does not fall into this category because of, you know, XYZ." Don't try to justify the video too hard, by the way. Do not try to justify the video. Don't give them too many reasons to say, "I believe my video follows Tik Tok guidelines. I need

your help to submit this to the relevant team to get this violation reversed." Okay? So, paste in the script. And by the way, guys, I made a free document for the appeal script for every single type of violation that you could get right now on Tik Tok. Whether that's misleading content, irrelevant product promotion, I have a copy and paste script you can use for every single type of violation. Okay, if you want the PDF, go to join the weight list for my AI influencer academy. Okay, it's free to

join and you'll join a telegram group where there's every single one of my free resources. But let's get back into the video. Now, after you go to appeal these, okay, you'll wait about 3 to 4 days and then you'll see that there's a 30 to 40% chance of them being reversed depending on the type of violation. And this is an example of uh when I got some of mine withdrawn. You'll just get a notification saying on your appeal that your enforcement has been withdrawn. Okay? So any vi any restrictions you had

will also get withdrawn as well. Okay? And that's around 20 30 40% depending on time of the year and the type of violation you got. Now the third method and this is a big one. It's called the star creator program. Have you ever wondered when you see these accounts and they're getting millions of views and you wonder how are they getting away with what they said? It just seems like they can get away with saying anything. Okay, that's because they're in the star creator program. Okay, when you're in

the star creator program, it means your account's sort of whitelisted. You can say the exact same thing as someone in the star creator program, but they won't get a violation and you will. Why? Because when they get a violation, they have enhanced creator support. Tik Tok cares a lot more about people in the Star Creator program. Okay? they know that you're generating a lot of money if you're in the star creator program and they will give you enhanced support. So for me, I've had two accounts in the

star creator program before. And the one that I talk about on YouTube, my old one with, you know, around 70 70 million views in total, okay, was in the star creator program. And what happens is I'll put on screen, they will invite you to join the star creator program. Okay? You get a notification like this and it'll say come join our group chat. Okay? you get you get added to a group chat and you get a representative and that representative will help you reverse a lot of the violations you get.

They'll double submit your appeal, triple submit your appeal. Okay, so now you're probably asking, how do I get into the star credit program? The only thing I can tell you is you need to make very good videos. Videos using scripts that barely anyone else has used. They're visuals that no one else has used. promoting products that barely anyone else is promoting that get a lot of sales. Okay, that's it. You need to cross over $150,000 GMV in a month to join the Star Creator program. And then

to stay in the Star Creator program, you need to consistently be over $80,000 in GMV every month. Now, we're getting into the final way of how to avoid Tik Tok shop violations. And this is going to be a big one. It's going to shock some of you, okay? And the best way to avoid Tik Tok shop violations and make 10K, 20K, 50K profit a month every single month is to not use Tik Tok shop guys, Tik Tok shop is nothing compared to what's coming now. We have Instagram shop and Facebook shop. Me personally, I have

doubled down, triple down on Instagram and Facebook shop. And if you're in my Telegram group for the AI influencer academy weight list, you would have seen you get a free blueprint, right, where I tell you exactly how to make these AI influencers and what's coming. Facebook now has a shoppable feature in their videos. Okay, I'll put it up on the screen. And you click that and then it'll take them to the Amazon page and you get paid commission on every sale. Now, if you're one of my mentorship

students and you have direct relationships with the brands, okay, you get paid like 50 to 100% commission on the sales. Tik Tok shop, that doesn't exist. With these Facebook links, brands are willing to pay you 50 to 100% because they know that customer will be a return customer. They know that they can target that customer again and get a lot of lifetime value out of the customer. I can't believe nobody is talking about Instagram and Facebook shop right now because there's no violations on Instagram. You can say

nearly anything you want. You can swear. You can say words like fat loss, weight loss, burn fat. You can say talk about my life becoming a lot better after I took a certain supplement. Okay? It's there's no guard rails. You don't ever have to worry about violations ever again. And brands will pay you to post $500 to $1,000 a month just to post consistently. Okay? and you get 50 to 100% commissions on all the sales. So, let me show you some examples of who's doing this right now.

>> So, when people ask me, "What can I use?" I tell them about these kombucha gummies. Most gummy brands are garbage, dead. But these these are real. Go to Amazon, read the reviews, search >> promoting the product, promoting the product. Go to the Amazon link in my bio. Okay? And then let's go and check Facebook. You can see here on the video, right, there is a link right here. While the video is playing, there's a link right here that says shop now. Okay, click it. Right, what's going to happen?

It's going to go straight to Amazon. Straight to Amazon. And we got the product right here. Okay, so there's no friction now for people to buy the product. It's completely frictionless. And that's why the commissions are so high. And that's why brands love it is because they can now sell without any restrictions. It can go mega viral. Okay, the game has changed, guys. The game has changed. If you're an AI creator, okay, you can now just make content with any script you kind of feel

like, okay, as long as it's not illegal. There are people with AI influencers right now already making 100K profit per month with Instagram and Facebook. If you want me to make videos of accounts doing well with AI right now on Instagram and Facebook, make sure to tell me in the comments. And if you want to see those examples right now, you can go to my AI influencer academy weight list and I will give you the free PDF uh when you join the Telegram group. Okay, so that is how to avoid Tik Tok shop

violations. I hope that helped guys. Okay, either way, I give away all the source on YouTube for free. Like I can't believe I just give away so much free information, but uh here it is. So, I hope you guys enjoyed that and let me know if you have any questions in the comments below.

