I believe the live shopping and affiliate shopping content thing is the 2012 version of social media content creator. Type in how do I become a Tik Tok affiliate? You're literally just making content for product and then if your organic post sells some of that product, you're making a affiliate fee. This is a massive industry. I think Tik Tok affiliate is a huge opportunity for people here. Everyday people that don't even have a lot of followers. Don't forget how Tik Tok works. You make one

good video. You don't need 15 million followers like me. You can have 800 followers. You make one video around hair care fan clay playset. You make a good piece of content. You post it for some ungodly unknown reason. It gets 9 million views and you just print. This is real stuff, my friends. This is real life, my friends. So many of you will have your life changed if you go all in on this. And I cannot recommend it more. Everybody, hope you had a great, great new year. Hope everybody's super well.

Excited to answer your 2026 questions. Hope everybody is focused on making this the year that they decide to get really going and living the life they actually want to live. All right, we're here to answer questions. The mics are on. The team is here. If you have a question for me that you would like answered, please ask the question in the chat. Use five question marks. And now I need you to actually ask your questions. Fire away. Let's go into it. I'm ready. >> Let's do it. Someone said, "Uh,

currently out of work." >> Okay. >> Would love to know how to get started on Tik Tok shop. You know, so Tik Tok shop is 90% of Tik Tok shop is affiliate and only 10% is what I'm doing right now. Has anybody not bought the book yet? All right, I'm pretty upset right now. I need someone to buy the book just so I can show everybody an example. Uh, you need this book to read to the kids. 90% of it is affiliate work. So, you're literally making content for things that people have affiliates for. So, I think

you need nothing now. It used to be 5,000 followers. Now, it's much less. There's an approval process. Everybody should go to chat GPT and just type in Tik Tok affiliate. Tik Tok affiliate. How do I become a Tik Tok affiliate? Like we live in this amazing world where I used to have to give details here, but now I can just tell everybody if you actually want to do it, go to chatbt or perplexity or Gemini, type in how do I become a Tik Tok affiliate in Germany, in America, in Canada, because a lot of

people, there's some places you can and can't, but you're literally just making content for product and then if your organic post sells some of that product, you're making a affiliate fee. This is a massive industry. I think Tik Tok affiliate is a huge opportunity for people here, everyday people that don't even have a lot of followers. Don't forget how Tik Tok works. You make one good video. You don't need 15 million followers like me. You could have 800 followers. You make one video around

hair care or a fan or uh you know a clay playset that you just like. You make a good piece of content. You post it. For some ungodly unknown reason, it gets 9 million views and you just print. This is real stuff, my friends. How many people in the chat have made money as a Tik Tok affiliate? How many people in the chat I made an AI video of a mask and sold 40? Look at that. That's real life. This is real life, my friends. This is real life. I believe the content affiliate commerce live shopping and

affiliate shopping content thing is the 2012 version of social media content creator. So many of you will have your life changed if you go all in on this and I cannot recommend it more. Please everyone sh look at trend sniper. I made 17k on December in Tik Tok shop. Please share more of your truths in here everyone. So that the people that are saying nah like a lot of you how many of you just said no. How many of you were just like nah that's not Gary's wrong. Like that's a pipe dream. Own it. Say I

said nah. N ah I said nah. I need to know that you said I said nah because everybody who is struggling on earth is in the business of saying no when approached or presented something of optimism and work. I'm in the business of maybe skewing towards yes. Many people on earth are fully in no. They live in nah. That's not for me. I'm not pretty enough. I'm not smart enough. Or Gary's full of [ __ ] It's for people. They always think it's only for people that made it without realizing the

people that [ __ ] made it were in the business of maybe skewing to yes. That's an article, Matthew, as you join a team. Like, I want to have a conversation of why no is definitively a loss and why maybe skewing towards yes is a pondering strategy based on practicality and optimism that could change your life. I know for a fact that so many people here could change their life by being a Tik Tok affiliate and live shopping thing. I know that for a fact. I have watched more everyday normal people pop

off last year on this and I need more of you in the chat that I know are living this life to actually say what details what's happening right now. Tik Tok shop affiliate is a gold rush right now similar to social media in 2012. I believe it. I believe it. I believe it and I think it's one of the best side hustles in the game. I think everyone's capable of making content. Don't forget. Insecure about how you look. You don't want people to see the bags under your eyes. Good news. You could do this. You

could literally be a content creator that does this. Hey everybody. So, it's me Gary. Uh, obviously the camera is not going to be very Let me just make it. Hey everybody, it's me Gary. these new little Gary Vee, you know, replicas of the jersey his mom knitted that are really fun. They're really awesome. I think you'd get a lot of good luck and love from this. As you can see on the link below, it's $9.99. I highly recommend you get one of these. It will bring you great luck for five

years. If you want five years of luck, if you want five years of luck guaranteed, get one of these things. Literally, literally the amount of people that can do what I just did is literally almost everyone. What I just did is something all of you can do. You don't even have to be on camera, McKenzie. You don't even have to be on camera, Charlie. Like, I don't like Jesus. People can make AI content to be affiliate. Like, this is an amazing opportunity, right? And I highly recommend it. I

highly recommend it. And I I think so many people struggle with the negative feedback. Somebody just said, "This guy's rude. doesn't understand my humor, my jam. Another one said, "This guy fell off." >> So many in backto-back comments in the chat right now. There's so many people that would literally stop streaming by hearing those two things or they would lose their, you know, focus and they would like lose their energy. I'm invigorated by those comments. Not

because I'm like, "Oh, I'm gonna show you and battle," but because I am strictly here because I am the corner of the internet that is positive and practical and I want to bring love to those two individuals who literally feel like communicating negativity is going to make them feel better in a world where I know that doesn't work. In fact, why so many people feel so much tension going into 2026 is everybody is on full tilt right now. on like just deciding to be mad about something. People are just looking to

find something to be mad about or to be insulted by. And people are talking all sorts of rhetoric and conversations about [ __ ] they don't know versus choosing positivity and understanding where they're at. Anyway, nonetheless, um, great to see everybody. Oh, interesting. Someone said, uh, it's hard to read the comments with my sweater. >> Interesting. Is that true? Can you guys see that? That's interesting cuz like Yeah, that's so incredible. Good call. >> By the way, there's always a [ __ ]

solution and you can always adapt in real times. So, Ninja, great to see you. What happens if a larger creator steals your idea? There is no original ideas. There's no niches. There's no, you know, original ideas. The one of the biggest reasons Mona and I my wife and I were walking on Sunday and I was we were talking and I actually made a note which I rarely do because I want to make a piece of content about this. There are no original ideas. There's no originality. People want to be original.

I want to break through. I want my own niche. I want my own lane. They're all [ __ ] taken. They've all been done. What's not been done is you fully you. There's like 800 people I can listen to right now live talking about sports, but I picked the person that I like their vibe, their energy, their slang terms, their uniqueness, their visuals, their yeehaw, their subtleties. My friends, so many of you are not looking to post because you think you need some crazy strategy of originality or niche.

They don't exist because the second you create it, someone will replicate it. There's a million Gary V's from the [ __ ] I did in 2013. You think you do something original? You think Alex Earl was the first person to ever get ready with me? Thank you. Thank you everyone for that giggle. The [ __ ] do you think is happening? You're the originality. You're the niche. You're it. You. So don't worry about people stealing anything. It's not yours. You stole it from someone. I love

these people. What happens if a bigger person steals my [ __ ] You stole your [ __ ] What do you think? You just [ __ ] never consumed everything. Everyone's affected by everyone. The [ __ ] you think Michael Jackson made up that [ __ ] James Brown. You think James Brown came up with [ __ ] Little Richard? Like what? This is just how it works. It's 2026. Bad news. You weren't [ __ ] born in 807 BC. You can't be original. It's over. It's a wrap. And people got unlimited, you know,

complaints. >> You're a trust fun kid. I'm >> sure not. I made my parents trust fund kids cuz I built a business for them. People going to look for their all sorts of like excuses. You don't know my story, bro. I'm the furthest thing from a trust fund kid. You know nothing. This is what you know this you know this you know this is where people don't they don't get it. It's so interesting. Anyway, nonetheless, I mean, I'm I'm a perfect mother kid. I got here on the back of my

mother being a remarkable parent. That's real. Emily, great to see you. Yeah, let's go. Let's go to the questions. >> For short form content, does niche matter anymore or can you just post whatever you want? >> You can post whatever you want. Niche wide. Like, I don't understand how people don't understand that everything works. broad works, niche works. But again, I just talked about it. The reason it works is you're uniquely you. You're uniquely you. You know, I I don't understand how

people don't get this. Like, name me every person out there. Name them all. And I'm going to like Josh Hard and Jaylen Brunson's podcast. Mhm. >> You know, obviously it's niche by nature that they're Knicks players and Nick fans like that content, but there's a million athletes doing stuff. All right, let's keep it going. >> How do I pick one lane and go after it if I'm finding a lot of success in so many side hustles that I start? >> You don't have to. I have a million

lanes, too. What's the goal? Is the goal to maximize financial upside? Well, then you pick the lane that has the most financial upside. If the goal is to live your best life and be happy in what you do, well then you pick that lane. That's what I do. I'm a juggler. V friends, Vayner Media, Gary Vee Brand, Fly Fish and Kons for the VCR group, Wine Text, Fives, Pickleball, Veinner Sports, Veinner Watt TV and Film Production. Do you want me to keep going? like who does what I'm doing and I enjoy it. Now, if I

put 100% of my energy into any of the companies I just mentioned, would that company do way better? Yes, of course it would. But that doesn't make me happy. You know, that doesn't make me happy. Let's keep it going. >> I'm feeling paralyzed by overanalysis. >> Okay. >> What are the first couple things I can do to get out of it? >> By realizing you're just insecure. The the reason people overanalyze is they're scared to do. They're scared to do because they might lose. Like PPL3

just said, "How to be confident in the camera by being willing to go in front of the camera and get one view." Like nothing hurts my feelings. Like nothing scares me, right? We just had 1,000 viewers. Now we're down to 733 because for some reason Tik Tok algorithm thought I did something. Somebody comes on goes, "This guy has 15 million followers. Why does he only have 723 viewers? That doesn't affect me. I don't understand why everyone's so affected by optics. Most people lease a car that they can't

afford because they're worried about what people are going to say about their used car. I don't know what to say, you know? I really don't know what to say. Like the reason you're overanalyzing is you're is you're scared to do. You're using analyzing as the excuse to not play. >> I'm a perfectionist. You don't get it, Gary. I'm a perfectionist. >> I'm like, no, you're [ __ ] insecure. Life is basic. Confidence, insecurity, confidence, insecurity, confidence,

insecurity, pessimism, optimism. Pessimism, optimism, pessimism, optimism. This is why your youth is so impactful. Your framework of how you see the world is so impactful. But this is also why accountability is so impactful. Because if you blame your parents or your circumstances and you're 25 years old, when the [ __ ] are you a grown-up? Friends, can everybody answer? Can everybody answer in the comments right now on when you become a grown-up? What's the official number? >> 18.

>> You think it's 18 court? >> Well, like >> Yeah. I mean, you're allowed. I mean, you feel like No, no, I know legally. When do you think I'll say it different court? When do you feel like it is time to stop blaming your parents and everybody else, the government, the world like like and you can say I can maneuver around it no matter what shortcomings I'm dealing with like I am capable. Let's talk parents. Let's talk like I'm not capable because of my parents. When does that stop? When

do you think general number just for fun? Everybody please answer in here. What age does is are you like actually a grown-up and it's time to shut your [ __ ] mouth. By the way, it doesn't mean you're wrong. This is the part that I don't think people understand. Like I have unlimited things I would love to tell you about what I'm mad about, how I've been wronged by my family and others. I just don't think it's good energy. therapy good, you know, meditation, good, but crying around people all day

long on social media and your loser of friends or that one person that's an enabler of you because they love you. Not nothing changes. So, what age is that in the world that you need to like make that like line in the sand be like no more crying, more accountability and adjusting? What number do you have chart? We'll go reverse. What's your number? Real talk. >> 24. >> Cool. 21 22 >> 21 22 Ken >> 25 >> 25 >> 22 >> 22 >> 22 >> 22 Na

>> 16 >> 16 That's fine. Ragoff >> 25. >> That's so funny. I actually This may surprise people. I'm actually on 25. I I'll tell you why. I think 16 to 22 for most people, you're still really transitioning from a child to a grown-up. And I kind of want to give grace to everybody for a couple of like I'm talking about me. You guys know me. I'm talking about my level. Like shut like no complaining. None. Zero. It even shows up in how I play basketball, right? Like you know our

pickup games. Like when someone call like you have to literally murder someone with a gun to get maybe a foul call when we play. Like it's my favorite thing. I join pickups that call unlimited fouls and a year later, like through my life, no fouls. No fouls. I like 25 cuz I think it gives people 22 to It gives them 36 more months to be a [ __ ] I like that because because then you can be like, "Okay, but you're 25 now." You know what I mean? So, I like 25, but I just think that 25 gave you

like I want to get everything out of the system. Like I I feel of it I view it as a cancer and like if you get most of the cancer out but there's still cancer cells uh god god forbid, right? I feel like 22 to 25 is a great number because at 25 I feel like you had those last three years of like wang it out and like 25, you know, there's a lot of research around the brain developing. You've kind of lived in the real world. You're in such a fantasy land if you go to college. Like you're not in real life.

Like look what's happening to so many people that first year after college especially now with what's going on in college. We have, you know, Mcken's obviously got a huge degree like like I'm watching a lot of content right now like like somebody was trying there was a college football thing where like University of Georgia fan was making fun of the other fans like their degree and I was like [ __ ] Georgia like Ivy League students are like realizing like everything's shifting and like whether

you're a great student, a poor student like for both of us 22 was like whoa new regime right and for me that was great because I was horrible didn't even understand the system didn't know how to thrive in others really know. [ __ ] man. We lived through 50, 60 years where if you knew the school system, you were [ __ ] coasting into something very cushy that you understood. I I always say this, I this is a good opportunity for me. I do not look down at great students. I don't look down or think

that people that have good educations are bad. My big rant for the last 10 years was I was just worried that it wasn't guaranteed for two different groups. definitely the one that I most talk to, which is if you collect debt and you're entrepreneurial and/or creative, yikes. And then if you're not going to a specific field, nursing, legal, right? Those kind of things that a generalist in a top school was coasting, but I thought was walking into an era where it was not as obvious. And

I think we're there. I think historically I've looked right on this issue and um and that doesn't mean anything to me per se, but it's just an interesting observation. And so in general, I think we can win something here, especially with everyone here. Who's under 25 in the chat? Put under 25 in the chat right now, everybody, please. I think everybody under 25 realizing two things. You know how like at 18 to 22 back in the day, you knew you were going to get married, you knew you were going

to go to college, all those things. I actually think the healthiest thing we can do is actually make a big deal about 25 being the year you're now grown. No more complaining. Kind of like I think for everybody who's under 25, could you imagine if it was that accepted by 8 billion people that 25 when you turn 25 you're now grown and like shut your [ __ ] mouth. Don't you feel in some weird way that would like help everyone? >> Yeah. >> I Right. Right. It'd be like then you

can like cuz I feel like a lot of 22-year-olds kind of know they're complaining so they feel shitty about themselves. Like you Mckenz. >> Yeah. I was going to say I feel like it would take the pressure off because >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> I feel like it would take the pressure off cuz I feel like people come out of college and they're freaking out like I don't want to get together. I don't know what correct which is insane. >> Beating me. But if you felt like all

right I got till 25 to feel like what I am without a syllabus in my life. >> That's right. >> Then you could >> it gives a little grace. And I will say this, like too many people are caught up into I don't have a significant other. I don't have a child. I don't have cash. Right? Let's talk about the 20s more. What's [ __ ] up 20s? I don't have a significant other. I don't have a child or I don't have and child's kind of now pushing the 30s, but there don't get it

twisted. There's a lot How many people here live in a culture, whether it's your own house or your neighborhood, where you're a woman and you're expected. There's social pressure to have a child in your 20s. How many of you are there? Say that's me. You know, again, not on not in LA and New York. But look, look, right? You know, there's a lot of people that feel that. So, you've got a Everybody I think feels in their 20s, especially as they get older. I don't have a significant other. I

don't have as much cash as I wanted. Some add another thing. I don't have a child. My other friends have children. I don't. So, we got these three things that are really there. And you know, I uh I wish we could I I I don't have anything to say on that. I have one thing to say on something much more narrow. When you're 25, all the things you're upset about, money, significant other, anything else, that's the year you can't blame your parents anymore. That's the rule I think we can

establish. That's you can't blame your parents. You can't blame the system. Like that's what's look this happened in the 60s with the hippie movement and it's happening again right now in youth culture. Everybody wants to blame the boomers, the government and corporations and it's not going to work out cuz they always exist and they're everywhere and like what are you going to do? It's like I don't you know it's like trying to eliminate competition. It's a human trait.

There's going to be government. There's going to be corporations. There's going to be politicians. By the way, wish everybody well. Why wouldn't I? Why would I not wish someone to do well? So, like I just like 25 being the year where you're like, I can do it. All that is Yes, your parents are [ __ ] up. By the way, one of the great mistakes of my life is trying to change a parent. I've spent 25 years of my life, excuse me, 35 years of my life trying to change my dad. Big mistake. I've learned, real

talk, I've had a great positive impact on my dad, but the energy put in and I would do it again, but I would do it more thoughtfully. I would do it in a matter of like it would be less looking for an outcome. And I'm bringing that to work, too. Like, I'm trying to be a little bit more thoughtful. I have way too much of a superhero therapist syndrome in me, which I'm proud of. It makes me very likable, but it doesn't necessarily bring as much value to the individual as maybe my ideology has thought, and it's

come at the detriment of me emotionally at times. So, I don't know. It's super fun, but I think this 25year-old non-blame thing is really powerful. It doesn't mean that societyy's not [ __ ] up. Like America or New York City has 17,000 things wrong with it, but so does every other corner of the world. It just depends on what you want to think is [ __ ] up. I think eighth place trophies is [ __ ] up and leads to deep depression. Most people don't believe that. Now it's starting to get a little momentum.

>> I changed my answer from 22 to 25. >> You did? >> Yeah. >> You you liked my logic? Yeah, cuz I think cuz I mean like me personally like I stopped complaining at 25. Well, I ish have stopped complaining at 25 and I think like that rule would have >> helped me stop complaining more just by giving grace to myself. >> I want this for everyone and it's a big one. It's a huge one for my dad and sister too. And it's the thing that I got lucky that I really understood

naturally and I didn't understand a lot of things. I made a lot of mistakes. When you realize you can only control how you react to someone else's energy, like that changes everything. And especially if you're lucky enough, like you were lucky enough to have someone like me saying, "Hey, don't worry about XYZ or XYZ. You can come to me." >> Mhm. >> If you can control like cuz you don't like none of you, you know, Matt, you're just joining team. Like none of you,

none of you really know why someone's doing something. You've made up a narrative to why they're doing something. They're trying to get closer to Garrett, like take my job, like like it's all that stuff, right? But you don't really know. And I think a lot like for example, why my life is happy is I just default into they're hurting or that's not even the intent. I'll give you a great story. 90 out of a hundred times in incidents in my career with my father in the

liquor store, something would happen and I would say Ricky wasn't coming from a bad place and my dad would say Ricky was coming from a bad place. Got it. Hundred things happened. My dad says Ricky's coming from a bad place. Trying to get us. Trying to get get us. I'm coming like no, no, no. He's not even that smart. It's all just good nature to just Right. 90 out of 100 times I was right. My dad hangs his hat on the 10 times he was right. I didn't even care the 10 times that someone was trying to do something

wrong because I was in control of how I'd react. One of my best friends at Wine Library, a kid that like like I'll give you the comp. The Tyler of Wine Library in shipping figured out a very minuscule loophole and stole almost a half a million dollars worth of product and money from our company over 18 months. My dad wanted to put him in jail immediately and I wanted to know what was wrong with him. Punch line of the story was he hurt his back at the store and he started taking pain medicine and

then he got addicted to pain drugs and then he needed to fund his drug habit. So he blamed the store. Got it. He right. That's just a story of life. I reacted to that gentleman with love even though he directly to my fa the Tyler. Not the train who's new, right? Not the Charlie who's the Tyler of Wine Library stole that and company can't really afford all that stealing. It's a low margin business. I'm in I'm in control. You know >> when you said that you would change your

dad but not do it based on outcome. How would you do that? >> Uh the way you did it with me the other day, Ragoff, the other day you you and I had a meeting and you said, "Gary, I want you to be less passive aggressive and rzing. I don't think your like whole life is in me being less passive aggressive. I think you'd like me to be more canderous. You think it's going to be good for the team and where we're going, but I don't think your like whole f like I I think you'll deal with me. First of

all, I'm a pretty good guy. Like, you know what I mean? I think there's a lot of good that comes with me. To me, my whole life was wrapped up in getting my dad happy. And that's just too big of a task for a child. Plus, you can't be a full like you can't even be a great even if you are naturally a good therapist, you can't be the therapist of your father. Like there's too many dynamics. There's too much baggage. My dad says anything about my mom, I'm going to [ __ ] destroy his face. You

know, like that happened a lot. So, you know, like anyway, nonethego, you know this in business. Why am I a gangster? I'm detached. >> Yep. >> I'm detached. Like people come in here, Gary, you're the goat. Detached. Hence, I have humility. >> Gary, you fell off. Gary, you look old. Gary, you suck. Gary, you're a scammer. >> I'm detached. Thus, I have confidence. I can keep going. But with my father, I wasn't detached. With clients, with employees, I'm

detached enough. I do fall in love with my team, but like I can be detach. It's not my father. And so there's it makes it palpable. It makes it easy for me to navigate. You know what I mean? If if I don't deliver for your request, Ragoff, as an advancement of my role, you have the ability to quit. But if I was your dad, >> yeah, >> you don't quit your dad. Even when you no longer speak to a parent, a sibling, or a child, you do not speak to them. You have not spoken for 10 years. You didn't quit them.

They're in your mind all the time. Who here is unfortunately in a situation where they have not talked to a loved one for more than two years? Please say in the chat who that is and how long? Cuz I'm going to use you chat to help everybody else. There's a thousand of us in here, which is really tough. Ask Air Strick my dad 5 years, my dad three years, my mother 26 years. For everybody who just answered with with times, can you also tell everybody that you're not completely detached? It's still

there. It's still there. You may not be physically talking, but it's there. >> Oh my god. >> By the way, a lot of you are keeping that poison and pain in your body. You being the bigger person, even if you're 100% right on the conflict, and texting them and saying, "I'm sorry. I miss you and I wish you well will liberate you. It's not them winning the fight. It's you winning a happier life. Poison is bad. You've drawn a line in the sand. In fact, most of you are similar to the

person you canled >> cuz it's too to tangle. I've been wronged plenty. I just had the emotional capacity to be the bigger person and swallow my pride cuz it's not that serious. It's really not. Even like even some of the scary [ __ ] Here's my thing. Some people fight over money. Like literally money or like pride, ego. There's people that have been able to forgive their parents for real heinous [ __ ] Heinous. Heinous. Do you know what kind of emotional strength and grace and humanity you have

to have to forgive a parent that has done the stuff that I'm not even going to say out loud from an energy standpoint like the heinous stuff heinous. There are humans that have been able to forgive with leaning on religion or therapy have been able to forgive heinous acts and you have been talked to your cousin for seven years because he tried to hook up with your girlfriend. and you haven't talked to your mom because she stole 500 bucks from your bank account. You're hurting. You don't see it.

Forgiveness, my friends, I'm going to end with this, everybody. Forgiveness and humility. >> Oo, I like that. FU. The FU, my friends. The FU is the great opportunity for joy in life. forgiveness, right? And what was the other one? >> Humility. >> Oh, humility. It's FH. My break, guys. I got This is why I got bad rates. >> Huh? >> Humility and forgiven. >> Hu. Fu. >> I get it still. But it didn't work out the way I wanted. ANYWAY, NONETHELESS,

LISTEN. MY BRAIN broke in the end here. The FH opportunity is tremendous. If you lean, if you lean into forgiveness and you lean into humility, your life will be remarkable. Thank you for this ghost that's pulling my face. My confidence, my conviction, my competitiveness, my energy, my charisma, my smarts, all of it is garbage compared to my forgiveness capability and my humility. I stand on the shoulders of my mother's DNA and parenting that allowed me to be a monster at forgiving and a monster in

humility. All the other stuff is amazing, but I promise you those two will matter. So, love you guys. See you. Peace. >> Peace.

