Back in 2018 to 2022, I used to have a full-time editor who used to do all of my video editing, but you also used to edit a ton of image ads. I'm talking ads for clients. So, statics and different headlines and hooks, different variations, right? I would say in the last 3 months, I've not used my editor to edit a single image ad. I've been using purely Google Gemini Nano Banana, and the edits are unbelievably good and unbelievably fast. In this video, I'm going to cover first of all, why static

ads are so important. two, what style of static ads tend to perform well for me. And I'm going to show you some examples as well. And number three, I'm going to show you how I use Nano Banana effectively to create unbelievably engaging and high click-through rate and converting image ads using the new Nano Banana tool. So, let's quickly jump into my screen and let's get on with the video. So, firstly, why are static ads so powerful? Well, the truth is some products are simple, some products more

complex, and some products need more explanation. And for those products, video ads work unbelievably well. But also alongside video ads, combining some statics that kind of partners up with your video content can also perform extremely extremely well. And to tell you the truth, your offer should be simple enough for you to use three to five words to get that offer across to your target market. Your hooks should also be simple enough for you to be able to use three to five words to be able to hook in your ideal user. That comes down

to basic copywriting skills. And if you can't do that, you need to kind of rethink everything. you need to go back to basics and be able to write really well-written hooks because that's the most important part of your video. So, let's go through this list. So, first of all, you're able to get your hook across immediately. Well, a video of course you've got kind of that first 3se secondond period which is really really important but ultimately it still takes the person to watch the video. Whereas

an image ad is static, right? The video so the copy the hook is right there in their face. So, it's much quicker to get that point across. Number two, um you can create a lot more curiosity. So, if you've got kind of very, you know, um, like a VSSL funnel or you've got a video funnel or maybe you've got a landing page or whatever, sometimes using statics can generate a larger amount of curiosity and it can decrease your cost per click, increase your click-through rates, and that can sometimes lead to

cheaper leads. Not always, but that can sometimes lead to cheaper leads. Number three, some products are simple enough to work well with statics. Like I mentioned before, if you're running, I don't know, let's say, a salon or a hair salon that's offering the first haircut for just $29.99, a static image is fine. You don't need a complicated 60 to 120 second video ad. A static is probably going to do the job perfectly. Okay. Number four, it's easy to set up and often outperforms video.

So, if you're a beginner to advertising or perhaps you're struggling to get video ads to convert, just start with statics. You can absolutely start with statics and they work really well. And lastly, they work well alongside video ads. Like I mentioned, in the same adset, they're good to have both running. They kind of they complement each other extremely extremely well. So I would recommend even if you're running video ads, I'd recommend either, you know, have some statics available for

meta to use because different users resonate with different formats and styles of content. Okay. So how do we create winning static ads? So number one, we want to start with our core hooks. Okay. What are the core reasons why somebody would want our product? What are the pain points they've got? Right? Ultimately, the best statics I've seen are ones where you've got we're going to show you examples, but ones we've got a really strong hook and then a really strong offer. Combine those two

things together and you know it can work unbelievably well, right? Do you have back pain? get a massage for just $19.99, right? Whatever. You get the point. Something really, really simple like that. That's what works unbelievably well for image ads. Number two, keep them as simple as possible. Don't overcrowd them. What the, you know, I see people constantly creating image ads where they've got loads and loads of bullet points. You don't need to do that. Your primary text can do the

job of that or your landing page or your lead form can do the job of that. The image wants to be bold. It wants to be simple. Don't overcrowd it. Number three, the use of color, outlines, arrows, and more to draw attention. Right? That's really, really important. You know, I probably will do another video about text sizing and stuff like that. That's something I'm really interested and kind of passionate about. Passionate sounds dramatic, but you get the point. I read this book called The

Ultimate Sales, which goes in depth about text sizing, fonts, and even using italics and underlines and things like that really helps to emphasize certain points, right? If you've got, for example, a really dramatic stat that you want to use as a hook, emphasize the stat, right? These sorts of things using words like free or, you know, 50% off, things like that are going to draw attention. Now, you do want to use them with caution. If you put massive discounts everywhere, it can draw in poor quality leads. So, we want to make

sure we partner them up with strong hooks as well and make sure that our offer is something that is tested or that we're confident in fulfilling on and also confident in converting users off the back end of that. That's obviously very, very important. What's up, guys? It's Sam here. Just taking a quick break from this video to tell you about Ads Club, which is going to be launching at the end of January. For as long as I remember, I've been continually getting messages from you

guys asking, "Hey, what's the best Facebook ads course specifically designed for local businesses?" Well, I've been building this for the last 6 months. And I've got a 12 module Facebook ads course, which you're going to get if you join Ads Club. It's going to cover everything to take you from beginner to advanced media buying specifically for local businesses. So whether you're a beginner who wants to get into Facebook ads and launch your first ad successfully, or maybe you're

an experienced media buyer and you're just looking for ways to improve your ad creatives, improve performance, improve booking rates. Well, all of that is going to be covered in this course. It's going to have 12 modules running from foundations and strategy all the way through to ad optimizations, scaling, testing, and even more. It's also going to come with access to a bunch of tools, which I use every single day to help improve performance for clients. And it even comes with support when you need

it. So, if you want to be on the waiting list for Ads Club when it launches, I'll leave a link in the description box where you can join that weight list and get an exclusive discount on the day that we launch. Okay, now back to the video. I would opt for square or 4x5 ratio images. Now, you can get away with 4x5 ratio. We're going to go through that in a minute, but square or 4x5, if you're, you know, unsure, just stick with square. So, that's basically 1080 x 1080. That is going to work in most

placements, but you can also customize these for both, which we're going to go through in this video. You can customize these for both. uh story ads and timeline ads. So depending on where your placement is, we I'll show you in this video how to customize that as well. Use the as I mentioned, correct text size and colors and fonts to get your point across. Design isn't important until poor design ruins the messaging of your ad. So design, don't overthink the design too much, but poor design can

ruin the messaging. Like I mentioned before, if you're using the wrong fonts, if you're using light text on light backgrounds and you know you can't read it, right? That is going to affect the conversion of your ad. And as I said, create your ads using Google Gemini, right? Of course, you can use designers and there are some great tools like um Canva, which I use all the time. If you're a member of my groups, you get access to my Canva templates, which has, you know, a ton ton of different ads

that you can use and just kind of plug in your product images, change the headline, you're good to go. But Gemini does a better job, honestly. And also, I'm going to show you a way which you could automate the production of the Gemini images. So, you can create 10, 20 at a time with just one click. Right? We're going to go into that in just a minute. Here's an example. Right? You'll read this first and then this and then you're going to read this. just an example of how text sizing, fonts, um,

weighting of text makes difference into where your eyes go first, which is really, really important. Gemini quite often will do this by default because if you prompt it correctly, it's going to research. It's going to, you know, write it like an advertiser and it should do this stuff correctly. Okay, here's an example. Right, this one on the left, not mine. I stole this. Sorry, I just took this off the ad library. Whoever owns this company, this is an example of an ad which has obviously been done

using something like Canva or something similar. And this is an ad that's been done using Google Gemini. You can see I think this one is much better. It's using better copy. So, are your gutters filled with crap? We will clean them for just $99. It's got before, it's got an after. This was an AI generated image, but you can obviously use real images with Gemini. And it's got a photo of the owner. This Clive here with cleaning your gutters. Photo of Clive, right? Very, very simple. Very, very effective.

And here's a few more image ads I've used uh Gemini to create. A cheap company can't do this. Got a photo of a project and they've got call to action. Here at Premiere, we care about quality. If you if you do too, request a free estimate today. We've got these ones for Osteo Strong. We've got your liquid. What if your next fault is the one that takes your independence? So, you can use Gemini to come up with headlines or you can give it the headlines you wanted to use. Either way, it works extremely

well. Is your conservatory freezing? We've got a before and after. If you struggle from migraines, it could be a spine problem. Find out for free with a call to action. Right? So, these are all ads I've done with Gemini. And then optimize for IG placements. This as easy as this. Again, we're going to go through an example, but once you've done your image, you can simply prompt and say, "Hey, can you redesign this for Instagram story?" It will redesign it perfectly for an Instagram story post.

And this is all done using Google Gemini. So, let's jump into a live example now. Okay, so we're going to do a really simple image ad for a nail salon, right? So, we're going to do an offer and the offer is going to be your first nails for just £19.99, right? So, an offer, a discount, coupon towards nails. Super simple. And we're going to start with this image. Right? Here's the prompt that I want you to take and use with Gemini. Now, don't just paste this in. You need to customize this prompt.

So, when it comes to Gemini, you can click create image or you can just paste it. It will then automatically default to that. Let's just upload. Let's just uh paste this prompt in. So, imagine you are a professional media buyer and ad designer. You have been tasked with designing an image that maximizes clicks and conversions for the following company. We'll just call the company business brief. Uh business, get rid of that. Uh we don't need that for now. Business. Business name. We're going to

put uh let's just call this Lucy's nail bar. Um logo. I'm going to add logo in here. I don't have one. I'm just going to put please design your own logo. I can do that. Images to use. Attach company images. I'll attach those colors. I'm going to again I'm going to put I don't have any color codes. If you did, you put color codes in and say, "Please choose your own colors." Any compliance. So, if this if you've got any compliance around your product, if

you're doing a healthcare product, you would add those compliance things in here. We don't really have those. Um, for voice, we're going to go for fun, local, targeted towards women aged 25 to 50. Okay. And proof, we're going to go uh rated 4.9 out of five on Google with over 150 plus reviews. offer um your first this is going to be your first gel nails. Okay, I don't know much about nails, so I'm put gel nails for just £19.99. Any style you want. Okay, again, I'm hoping hoping it can do its own research

and add this here. Please do your own research on the nail industry to make sure to use all the correct terminology. Okay, again, I should have picked a product probably that I knew better. Please choose your own colors. Uh images to use. Uh, I've attached an image and put here. Please have both a eye catching hook, text hook, headline hook, and a call to action in this image. So, in the image direction section, this is your opportunity to give any guidance as to kind of what style that you want it to

run. So, I've added here, please have both an eye-catching text headline hook and a call to action text in this image. I'm going to put here use weighted fonts and colors to make it as eye-catching as possible. And I've also missed the niche. Niche we can get rid of cuz that's pretty obvious. Uh, but area, city, we're going to do Guilford and the surrounding areas. Make sure that's all filled in. And we're going to add our image. Upload that image here. We're going to drag that and just simply drop

that in. And then we're going to simply click on submit. We're going to let our image come back and see what it comes back with next. Okay. And here we go. We can see our image that has come back. We've got our logo here. It says your dream nails for just £19.99. First time gel nails any style. Guilford and surroundings. And we've got a little logo here. It says 4.9 rated on Google. Book your appointment now. Limited slots available. Again, nothing particularly fancy, but not bad. What I am going to

ask to do is I'm going to ask it to improve the design a little bit here. So, let's uh reprompt this again. I just said here, I like this, but can you rethink the design? Imagine you are a high-end marketing agency. You want this ad to look professionally designed. Use the same concept, but rethink the design. So, let's pump this back. And normally, this takes a matter of seconds. Let's wait. See what this comes back with and see if we prefer the design. Okay, so it came back with a

design which was a little bit too similar. I said that design is too similar. I want to completely new design, please. And it came back with this one. Your dream nails for just £19.99. First time gel nails any style. Guilford surroundings. I actually quite like this because it's put the image in here. It hasn't used exactly the same image, but that's okay. is put the image underneath and it's moved the text above so it's a little bit easier to read. Whereas here you find the text kind of

overlaid on the image. It's a little bit harder to read. So again, I really like this one. I think this is great. Now what we're going to do is we're going to ask this, can you please read uh please design this for portrait mode. So what we're going to say is this is perfect. Uh we're going to say please design a version for Instagram stories. Uh enter. I'm not going to do anything else. Wait. Hopefully, it's going to redesign this, but with Instagram stories in mind in terms of the uh

dimensions and style of the design. And there we go. It's done it. And honestly, I couldn't really done it much better. The only thing I might have changed is this is going to be a little bit hard to read uh mobile because it's going to get cut off by the um the um pages logo and the text and all that kind of stuff. But generally speaking, yeah, this looks fantastic. So, obviously, this is great and it designs good images, but it does take a little bit of time. So, what if we want to speed up this process? I'm

going to show you exactly how you can do that. So the first thing you want to do is create some form of Google sheet. You can also do the same thing in something like Air Table or in Monday or any any of those kind of tools. Right? What we've done here is we've just added headlines for our different product information or things that we want to add in here. You can add as many as you want to. Now I'll leave a link to the template for this down below so you can use it. But we've got here product

information, company info, target area, offer, and color codes available. Right? So what you can also add in here is like images and then you can upload a Google. It's an image to your Google Drive with a share URL. share needs to be edit and viewable in terms of access. And then once you've done that, come into make.com. Just going to quickly log into my make account. I'm going come over here to a scenario which I created earlier. All I've done here is I've got a Google Sheets watch new rows. Again,

would change if it was air table. I've got um a router here which is basically routting to three different Gemini prompts. And what I've done is I've got a gen a Gemini generate image prompt here. And the model that I'm using is image gen 4 ultra. And this is going to do exactly the same thing. And then what I've done is I've taken that prompt and I've put it into a into the image prompt here. And I've mapped all of my rows here. You see this here? So we've got

all of our mapped rows. So it's going to map all the information that we put in. And what you can do is you can do different prompts. So for let's say for example, one you want to be one particular benefit or hook, one you want to be another hook, one you want to be another hook. Or maybe it's multiple images you wanted to do. So you want to upload inside of your sheet. You want to have like image one, image two, image three, and you want it to have multiple different images. Well, you can do just

that. Or perhaps you have one which is image URLs. You upload that and you tell the prompt just please select one of these images to use and you can create literally you can create a a ton of these. Now all you need to do to get to to use this is simply go to um your Google AI studio. So you want to come to your Google AI studio account and click get API key. That is then going to generate an API key. Now do make sure that you have billing set up. So you want to have a registered card with this

cuz it's a tokenbased system. So it is going to bill you based on tokens but it's relatively cheap. So once you've set up an API key and integrated that into Gemini, you can then create as many prompts as you want. And then all I'm going to do is create an image upload function here. So you can literally select your drive where you want this to land and it's going to upload those images once they are completed. Now I ran this earlier for a completely different product. Let's have a look at

how that product did. So you can see here I've got three images which it generated. We've got this first one. Again, I gave it no images to use. So this is just AI generated images. Obviously, if I had, you know, this was kind of rushed, but you can put some thought and effort into the prompts, but it came up with these three different images, all different styles, and it just, you know, it's immediately done for me. I don't have to think it through. We've got this one here,

which,000 off exterior coatings, transform your home before March 31st. Um, we've got this one here, which is dream home makeover. Again, before and after. So, again, these are very simple. You can see the concepts are good. Like, it's designed well. It just needed better prompt prompting tools, right? Point is, you can automate this. If you're running this for multiple clients and you want a quick way to automate image ads, you can do this using Google Gemini. Okay, so I hope you found this

video useful. I will leave a link down below to all my resources as well as my free Facebook ads guide. If you enjoyed the video, make sure you subscribe and like the videos. It helps the channel grow. And I'll see you guys in the next

