You've probably tested video ads and you may have generated some realistic clips using Sora 2 Pro. But time and time again when I see brands using AI, the number one thing that always makes it look like it's AI is their B-roll. There's something about uncanny movements, weird physics, and the fact that everything looks super contrasty that just gives it away. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how you can get freakishly realistic looking AI B-roll. And my name is Camilo and I run

an agency called Epic Ads up. Unlike everybody else showing you how to make AI ads, I actually run the ads for my clients. In fact, these are some results that we have gotten with our clients with AI. So, I'm not just making stuff up. I'm showing you things that are actually working right now. Now, the number one rule of AI bro is you need to have a strong reference. You never want to ask AI to generate B-roll from scratch. It will always come out really bad. Always have a reference. Bau shot

here that I made for a UGC ad of this book was entirely made with AI. In fact, when I showed this video on my YouTube, people in the comment section said that there's no way that this AI, which is like a natural bodybuilder getting told that they're on steroids. So, I kind of felt really good about it. So, let me break down how I made this realistic B-roll shot. The first thing I had to do was actually get the product text accurate. So, this is a book, which is very hard if you know how AI handles

text. So, what I did is I got a reference of what the book looked like inside from the website, and I took it as a screenshot. But probably just like you, I just dragged in the book screenshot and I wrote a simple prompt like iPhone shot of book on a table with warm home lighting. And so just for generic prompts, this is what came out. And as you can see, it looks way too sharp, super detailed, and it just looks like AI. You see, while I did get a good source of the book, I need to get a solid reference of what the image will

look like, and it has to be super realistic. The heavy lifting in all of this is finding a good solid reference. The first thing that I did here was find good source material. And I did that by going to Pinterest and I searched the word book. Super crazy, I know. And after scrolling around, I found a shot of the book on a bed with some really good lighting. And I thought this was the perfect reference image because that's exactly what I wanted for the video. You got to think like a director.

Let me find a good reference, a good scene that I can then bring into my video. Now, inside Nano Banana Pro, I was able to put this image from the website into the book and generate something like this. However, one thing that I experienced here was that if you're going to use text, it can be very difficult. Like you see the first time I did this, it looked really bad. The text is all messed up. So, what I added at the end of it was ensure the text remains perfect. And this is how it came out the second time. And now we have our

reference image. Now, the easy part is quite literally just taking it to cling. The 5-second clip with cling 2.6 cost three tokens. Whereas with Google V, it costs five tokens. And if you use 2.5, it only costs two tokens. It's a no-brainer. In this prompt, I just mentioned brief movements like going through the book. And this is what the final video looked like. Never give too many crazy instructions like too many camera movements, too many things of what a character should do. The only thing that will be very useful is if you

use V3's start and end frames for B-roll that involves changing of a scene, then you can do that. Otherwise, I would keep it very simple with the prompting. Now, if you had generated a creator with, let's say, Sor 2 Pro, it's a lot easier than this because what you can do is take a screenshot from that creator like I can do here in Max Fusion and I just prompted with Nanobanana Pro to be in a different location. And it's a lot easier because we already have the sourcing material of that image. So it

all feels like it's part of the same world. And that's how you get that consistency throughout. So don't ever do anything without good quality source material. And that's how you unlock realistic B-roll footage. But if you want other tips and tutorials on how to make AI ads, not only just video, but static as well and also learn the scripts that have generated thousands of dollars for our clients. You can steal them. You want to join my community ad creators lab in there. Every week I

review your ads and I'll help you make high-converting realistic looking AI creatives. In fact, here's a video that one of our members made. >> Need to share this because it was a wakeup call. My eye specialist literally told me, "Your eyes are aging faster than they should for your age." I switched to a screen protector that actually blocks harmful blue light at the screen. >> Now, the next few tips I'm going to give you are going to stop you from wasting more credits and having to generate and

generate and generate things over and over again. Now, the first one is that you must avoid this one type of bureau at all costs, and that's mirrors. Mirrors don't really work with AI. I've tried it many times. In fact, the only time I was able to do it was with this short hair, but that was the person talking to the mirror. And if you look closely, the movement she has in the foreground are not the same that show up in the mirror. So, I would avoid mirrors at all costs. The next step is to avoid

depth of field. If you don't know what that is, is that kind of blurry background that you get in a video, which makes it look very realistic and like it was shot on a high-end camera. In fact, in my film making days, we would try to create depth of field with lenses like this lens I have right here. You got a nice blurry background. The problem is that when you're generating ads that's supposed to look like content or like it's shot on an iPhone, that kind of depth of field makes it look

like stock footage and it also makes it look like AI. So my advice to you is always try to make the videos look like they're shot on iPhone. Now the next tip is that if you end up getting an AI video looks very contrasty and very plasticky, you can actually do some very quick changes. Now the first thing you can do is in your video editor, you go to the color settings and you just want to reduce the contrast all the way down. The difference is huge. Look at this one. And then look at this one. That

makes it look like it was shot on a phone. Now sometimes AI, specifically Google V3, when you export it in 1080p, it looks very sharp. What you can do is actually reduce the sharpening inside of something like lummetry color in Premiere Pro or what I like to do is just generate everything in 720p. In fact, the quality doesn't really drop. Like all these videos are 720p. Plus, it saves you on credits. It also generates faster. Now, a secret I can't believe I'm going to give away for free in a

YouTube video. It's the number one reason most people when they get a really good reference, it still doesn't look good at all. In fact, check this one out. Here's an image of a guy sitting in the club. And we actually used an AI model to turn it into a video. This is what it looks like. And you can tell this just looks like AI. It looks like a high production studio. So, what we have here is an issue with prompt adherence. The number one rule is you always want to describe what is happening in the shot, not what

shouldn't be happening in the shot. Here's a bad example. She doesn't speak. There is no music in the shot. She doesn't say anything in the entire shot. Now, here is a good example. Silent shot. She nods and looks at the same direction and it is silent. You'll get much stronger prompt adherence once you start prompting positively, not negatively. So, let's take this video that I created for example. The original video prompt said eyes gaze lock down wall towards the phone only minimal

natural tilts no dialogues movement restrained and contemplative. And that's the video that we got. But when I changed the video to static video of man scrolling on Instagram on his phone in the club, this is what I got. And you can see how much simpler it is and how better the results are. Now, this single reason is how I was able to create all of these B-roll clips that you can see right here that look super realistic. But the thing is, even if you mastered high quality realistic B-roll, you might

not be able to make ads that actually convert and get you sales because you don't understand creative strategy. So, if you want to learn that, you want to click this video up here where I go through exactly step by step the strategy behind high converting video scripts. And I'll see you over there. And if you want us to make the ads for you, you want to click the second link down below and you can book a call with me. Speak soon. Peace.

