I just replicated a winning ad in 30 minutes using nothing but AI. Here's the ad that I found >> and here's what I created. >> If your dad already has everything and you never know what to give him, watch this video. >> Same concept, different creator, new voice, same brand. And I'm about to show you exactly how to do it using the Stealer framework. Seven steps that let you clone any winning ad you find online and adapt it to your brand with new creators. So, with that being said, let

us begin. The first step in the Steeler framework is to sample the winner. So, I found this winning ad in one of the brands we're working with, and as you can see, it's performing really well. And what this step involves is actually uploading the video to a new function inside Max Fusion called Copy Lab. Once uploaded, you can actually extract individual frames of the video by clicking the extract frames button and scrubbing through the timeline. Then you can click this key frame icon and it

basically selects the frames. Once done, you can click add to images. And now these frames or what I like to call scenes are now available in your images tab. The next step is to transform the characters. Now you can do this directly inside Copy Lab by clicking this clone button right here, which creates a clone for each frame that you selected with a new person. This is fantastic. It means you can now have a completely new video made. The only problem is that if you click it here, you don't get character

consistency with all the different scenes. So that doesn't really work. So instead, I just take one frame, create a single clone from it by clicking create variation and selecting here banana clone. And as you can see, the dad in the living room has now been cloned with somebody else. Now, this is key because we're going to use this new cloned person as a reference to maintain character consistency, which takes us into step E, which is engineering the scenes. Now, we're going to use an even

cooler tool inside Max Fusion called the UGC scene builder. We drag in our clone character as a reference along with the frames we extracted earlier and it copies the reference character into the scene which allows us to maintain character consistency. So as you can see we now have all the frames with this new character. Now step A is the fun part which is to animate with RZ. First you want to click on each frame that involves a character talking and you want to click generate video. Here's

where we select the RZ model. Don't use any other models. It's currently the best at lip syncing and animating just from an image. It's also fast and to be honest, it just works which is why I use it. On the next page, we are greeted with a tab for audio which when you click here, you can click generate speech. Since I'm creating a brand new version of this ad, I'm actually going to generate a brand new voice for it. So, let's just dive in. All you have to do is click here where it says design

new voice. And because this is connected to my 11 Labs account, I can easily create a prompt for a new voice. Now, a big mistake people make is they just create a random prompt and there is a mismatch. When the mismatch happens, it can look like this. If your dad already has everything and you never know what to give him. >> So, you can see he's a bit weird. So, what I like to do, and here's a pro tip, is you want to describe the scene as well as the person speaking. So, you can see here I put a British man who's in

his 50s speaking in the kitchen and he's very excitable. And this is what the audio sounds like. >> Right then, let's get this show on the road. >> And if you fast forward, here's the lipsync video. >> If your dad already has everything and you never know what to give him >> now, isn't that so much better? You definitely want to mess around with this until you find the right voice. And once you're ready, you can save this voice and use it. I'm going to go back to Adn

Nova, which is where I find all the information of winning ads. And I'm going to take the transcript of the winning ad, and I'm going to paste it here. So, here's what the original scene looked like. >> And here's what the new scene with the new character looks like. >> If your dad already has everything and you never know what to give him, watch this video. Now, all you have to do is use the RZ model for any shot where that character is talking, and you can rebuild the video. But we're not done

because the next step in our framework is L for layering in the B-roll. We're going to click on every image that we extracted. That's going to be B-roll. And we're going to click here where it says generate video. Now, you can choose different models. I've typically go with cling or seed dance. And I just add some minor descriptions, suggestions in the prompt. And you end up getting footage that looks like this. Now, you'll do that for all the B-roll shots in the ad. And then next we go into step E, which

is to edit the sequence. We're going to bring everything into our editing software. A pro tip is to import the original ad as a layer and then bring in your new footage so you can just kind of put it on top of each other. Super easy. And then the last step is just render the final ad. If your dad already has everything and you never know what to give him, watch this video. [music] >> [music] >> It's called Dad, I want to know your story. It's a guided journal with over 100 questions inside. The questions are

simple, wellought out, and straight. [music] Even if your dad doesn't really like [music] writing or talking about himself like me, honestly, it's super easy to fill out and it's even enjoyable. It brings back beautiful memories from you father's day last year. >> Now, what if you could do this for dozens of winning ads across different industries and replicate them with your own product, your own brand, and your own creators? How much faster do you think you could scale and find winners

rather than having to start from scratch every single time? Personally, I think that this could be part of your strategy, but it shouldn't be your only strategy. Because the biggest problem that a lot of brand owners have is that they only understand how to copy ads. They don't understand to write good ad creatives that can actually scale. So, you want to learn how to do that, you want to click this video right here, and I'll give you the exact process that we use to make winning ad creatives. I'll

see you over there. Peace.

