Meta ads has never been more expensive. The cost of advertising is skyrocketing. CPMs are on the rise. Cost per clicks are higher than ever. And worst of all, brands are overspending on existing customers that they've already acquired and failing to scale new customers profitably. This puts [music] brands in a neverending cycle where they never grow. So today we're going to go over the full funnel in both Facebook ads and Shopify so that you could drive cheap quality traffic that actually lands on

your website and converts. And if you stick around long enough, I'm going to show you something that me and my business partner developed that you could download for yourself. So let's start things off with a battle tested structure that I have developed over 11 years of running Facebook ads. Right off the top here in my ad account, we're noticing three clear swim lanes. You might have seen many videos of me in the past where I talk about a scale campaign. But today, all we're focusing

on is the three most important swim lanes, which are prospecting, retargeting, and retention. And each of these campaigns has a very unique purpose. The prospecting campaign is very much focused on acquiring new customers who have never heard about us before. The retargeting campaign is all focused on engaging customers who have been to our website, engaged with us on Instagram or Facebook, or even added to cart, but didn't purchase. We want to get these people over the hump to actually get them to convert as quick as

possible. And then finally, retention. This is our cash cow. Retention is how we make as much money as possible by getting our existing customers to come back over and over and over again. Now, let's go through some key campaign settings. In all cases, we are always selecting campaign budget. We always want to have our budget set at the CBO level where we're adjusting and changing the budget at the campaign level. For the most part, we're setting our campaign bid strategy at highest volume

or value. And then when we go into more settings, we are not setting up a budget schedule in our audience segment reporting. This is so so so important. We want our engaged customers to very much consist of anyone who's added to cart and anyone who's been to our website over the last 180 days. You can narrow these down. That could be 90 days. That could be 30 days. Depends how big your business is, but over the last 180 days is totally fine. And then existing customers, anyone who's

purchased over all time along with your purchase list from the website, which would be 180 days. And then we're going to take a look at our ad sets. And what you're going to notice is I'm up to pack 82 in this account. I've launched 88 different ad sets, a few interests, and a few different broad packs. Here's the structure that I would like to follow nine out of 10 times. Every time we have new creatives, we launch those as a new broad ad set. We date that ad set and we date that creative. Now, I don't care if

you have two creatives, five creatives, nine creatives, put them in a single ad set. We want that to be grouped by date. Now, if you have 30 new creatives you just got, don't throw them all in the same adset. Generally speaking, we need to make sure that the creatives are grouped by category or at least by theme. Think of these as concepts. But don't get caught up. If you have two concepts, you don't know what to do with them. Throw them in the same adset. These are just for organization purposes

above everything else. And what winds up happening over time is you start to grow your packs. So just like we have in this example right here where we're up to 82 active packs in this account right here, we are constantly stacking and adding new rounds of creative new concepts into this very account over and over and over again. And I know you might be concerned about what happens if my new ads aren't getting any spend. I'll show you the trick. Whenever we launch a new ad set, first off, our location for conversion

is always just website. Our performance goal could be maximize number of conversions or maximize value of conversions. Our data set needs to be set up correctly. And our conversion event every single time, no exceptions, is the purchase event. If you want Facebook to get purchases, tell it what you want. Don't go add to cart. Don't do anything else but the purchase event. We're not setting value rules in this case. There are some use cases where you can, but we're not doing it here. Our

attribution model is going to be standard. And as you can see here, it's 7-day click, one day view. And in many cases, we're actually upgrading this to 7-day click, one day view, and one day engaged. And as promised in our budget section, here's the way to make sure your new ads get adequate levels of spend so that they're tested. So, what we do is go to our ad set spending limits. We click set a minimum or maximum spend limit for this adset. We use dollar value. We set the average

daily minimum equal to 1x our CPA average. So, if on average I get a $50 cost per acquisition, we're dropping in simply put $50 right here. After seven days, no matter what, we are unselecting the ad set spending limit because in most cases at that point, it has enough data to know if it's going to be a winning ad or a losing ad. And then moving to our audience section because this is focused on new customers. We're going to keep it broad, but we're going to enter down here where we click

exclude these custom audiences. And once we select this, we're going to be excluding all of our site visitors, all of our purchasers. basically anyone who is targeted specifically in other audiences throughout the account. What this does for us is it creates clear swim lanes, clear division within the ad account, that allows us to know where we're actually spending our cash. And always, just a pro tip, if you're actually going to target and include audiences or change minimum ages or

inclusions in terms of languages or locations, then always click further limit the reach of your ads. Once you do this, yes, you'll get a bunch of warnings that you shouldn't do this, but really all it's going to do is allow you to actually target the interest, the audiences, the location, the ages that you actually want to target. So, the big question here is what goes into these adsets? Here's a perfectly executed example from this exact client. This is a new adset. We just launched this, so

there's really no data to support, but this is how I would generally approach. We have the same ad with a bunch of different angles. You can see here, angle 10, 11, 12, 7, 8, 9. We have a ladder of angles based on a best performing previous ad winner that we've created more variations of. Throw this into the same ad set. Let it rip. The best angle is going to get the majority of spend. And Facebook is so good that just based on the reach here, despite there not being a single purchase, this

is only spent a few dollars. 533 reach is probably going to be the ad that actually wins, which is pretty wild. Now, after we set up our prospecting campaign, we need to focus on our retargeting campaign. Our retargeting campaign is really easy to set up. We're using our top ads or even all of our ads. Any ad that's working in prospecting is very likely to work in retargeting. If you want to develop custom ads for retargeting, you can. Although I do not say it is at all a requirement. In this case, we're setting

up three primary audiences. First, we're setting up our Instagram and Facebook engagers. We're then setting up our website visitors 30 days and our add to cart 90 days. And by the way, if you want to see the exact ad set settings that I use across every single campaign type, every single ad setting in the entire Facebook platform, along with weekly Q&As's and joining over 200 other brands that have questions all the time that I even answer myself, then click the link down below or go to

school.com/fas to join the fastest growing e-commerce community in the entire world. Now, looking back at our adsets here, our Facebook and Instagram engagers are only a 14-day ads set. That's because if you click or like something, we do that so often. We need that to be tight. Website visitors are 30 days and ad to carts are 90 days. This ladders down by relevance. And then finally, our retention campaign. You're just literally targeting all your customers all time and anyone who's purchased over the last

180 days with your best performing ads. And if you don't know your best performing ads yet, throw the kitchen sink in here because Facebook's going to do a fantastic job of giving these customers a variety of ads. I'm completely comfortable having 50 plus ads in this single adset in this one campaign because I want Facebook to have the ability to provide a variety of creative to my existing customers. Now, the key part about a setup like this is making sure that we spend the most amount of money, that we reach the most

people that are new to the business. And you can just see by looking very clearly at my main prospecting campaign right here. You can see in just terms of total reach, we have reached 6.8 million people compared to our retention and our retargeting. And our spend shows the same $195,000 in total spend over the last 30 days. 167 to prospecting. That's the ratio that's going to drive this business forward. But what happens when we reach 6.8 million people? A whole lot of them are going to go to our website.

In fact, for this business, 118,000 links were clicked and people went to our website. Now, once we've set up our ads, and whether we're spending just for the first time today or we're already spending hundreds of thousands of dollars every single day, it is so important that your website experience is a 10 out of 10. You are spending so much money to drive that click to the website. I'm not going to go through the obvious stuff, right? You know, your website needs to be fast. You know, you

have to offer multiple checkout options. you know the basics of conversion rate optimization and you should be AB testing pretty consistently. What I want to bring up today for those that have stuck around for this long in this video is a hack that came across my desk very recently and I was stunned by the conversion rate increases that we've seen by using this one single trick. Now, if you know me and you've watched my videos for long enough, I have basically avoided the word hack, trick,

or any sort of secret sauce for the longest time. But this is something that I cannot deny. I'm pretty confident that this is going to have a positive impact on nearly everyone who does this. In fact, this hack was so good that I actually took it upon myself along with my business partner to create an app that actually does it for us. Let me show you what I'm talking about. So, on this product page of a store that's using this app right now, what I can click is this virtual tryon button

because one of the biggest issues we have is actually knowing if any sort of product is going to fit us. So, if we click this virtual try on button, we can then upload any photo of us and see ourselves in that dress. So, let's have some fun with this. If I type in Oprah here, and I take any image of Oprah that looks similar to the image of the product page, we're going to go ahead and download this image right here, and I could drop it in to the virtual try-on. Once I do so and click try on

this item, what it's going to create in about 10 seconds is the exact dress that we see right on this product page on Oprah. And literally just like that down to the detail. There's not a single discrepancy between the dress we have on Oprah and the dress we have on the actual product page. Now, who really cares if we could try on these dresses, right? It doesn't really mean too much unless there's numbers to support it. Now, this is where my mind was completely blown. In this business right

here, they had 9,000 total tryons. They had,00 customers who tried on 9,000 items. That means the average customer tries on nine different items. That's the customer journey happening in real time. And the craziest part, of these 1,000 customers who tried, 554 purchased. That's a 46.83 conversion rate for anyone who used the Trion application. in terms of revenue that drove $40,955 in directly attributed revenue. People who tried on a specific item and purchased that item in terms of ROI

because there is a cost to actually running these tryons that drove a 4,000 ROI. Now, here's an example of a much smaller business. We had a total tryon of 312. 42 of these customers tried something on. So again, around nine tryons per customer. And then of these 42, nine people made a purchase. That's a 21% conversion rate on Trion. Same thing attributed to $10,000 in direct revenue. Our ROI again a whopping 4,936. Now, I'm not saying or guaranteeing any sort of ridiculous conversion rate

improvement, but this is one of those tools you could try completely for free. We've priced it as cheap as possible. There are costs in doing any sort of application like this. It's all custom code, but you can go get it down below in the description. Again, 100% free to try and if it works for your business, which it does for basically everyone that's tried it so far, then you can upgrade to a plan that's pretty cheap. Anyway, I hope you got a ton of value out of this video. And if you want to

see my full tutorial on the new way that I'm running ads in 2026, including the full creative flywheel, then click this video right here. That's all for today. I'll see you in the next one.

