This simple userenerated video is the number one ad on Tik Tok shop. >> Why does it feel like someone at Meticube made a mistake? Like this is actually insane >> and has generated over $1.5 million in revenue in the last 30 days. And a quick scan of the top performing UGC videos shows that this is not an isolated case. It's business as usual. This is real data publicly available on the Kao data website. It tracks real performance, revenue, and commission rates on Tik Tok shop. The success of simple, authentic

videos like these has fundamentally changed how brands and agencies market their products and has allowed individual creators to set up business on their own. UGC is definitely not a fad. It's already a multi-billion dollar industry and is projected to grow 10 times or more over the next decade as brands continue to move away from traditional ads. Now, look at these videos. >> My skin smell like something. These aren't influencers or creators. They're fully AI generated UGC ads created with Cling

2.6 inside Higsfield AI and they're indistinguishable from the real thing. This is why AI UGC has quietly changed the game because thanks to Cling 2.6, it's possible to make realistic talking UGC ads with complete control over the speech and without a traditional production pipeline. No waiting weeks for human actors or influencers. No multi,000 budgets, no filming, crews or equipment. As I'm about to show you, you can go from script to finished ad in minutes. That means you can have an ad

campaign on Tik Tok shop, Facebook, or any performance platform running in under 24 hours and start generating sales and conversions faster than ever. And the money you saved on influencers and video production can go straight into your ads budget. On top of that, you can split test and optimize faster than John Wick's reload speed. While most brands are still waiting on their first influencer to reply, but here's the part most people miss. Most AI UGC platforms cap you at 10 or 20 videos a

month. That's fine if you're experimenting, but if you're a brand or an agency testing creatives at scale, that ceiling makes no sense. But that's where Higfield shines because you can make significantly more UGC ads with Higsfield than with the standard AI UGC platforms. And you can get unlimited Nano Banana Pro for a year as standard as well as unlimited Cling 2.6 for 30 days at the time of recording. Use the link in the description below to check if that offer is still running. As

you'll see, the method I'm about to show you uses both Nano Banana Pro and Cling 2.6, but Cling 2.6 Six is the real breakthrough. It's what AI ads have been waiting for. Because until now, realistic AI video couldn't deliver spoken lines. Cling 2.6 fixes that, letting you finally create realistic talking ad creatives without needing dedicated UGC platforms. This is how it works. First, you generate an image of any character you want with Nano Banana Pro to suit your target demographic.

Then, in Cling 2.6, Six. Just write the lines you want your character to speak and you get 100% realistic AI videos that you can use in your AI UGC ads. So, in this video, I'll show you exactly how to break away from subscription caps and how to finally truly scale your AI UGC ads with Nano Banana Pro and Cling 2.6 in Higsfield. And you might be surprised at how quick and simple the workflow is. So, let's get this jam started. So, the full workflow looks like this. Import your product images. Generate a UGC

style character image with Nano Banana Pro. Then use Nano Banana Pro to combine your product images and the character image in a realistic and natural way. Then tell Clling what the character should say and turn that image into a talking video scene. Then repeat the process to create multiple consistent character scenes from the same source image. Then just rinse and repeat to get unlimited scene variations. Everything happens inside Higsfield and the whole process is done in about 15 minutes. So

let's kick off by going to the Higsfield AI website. You'll find a link in the description below. And by the way, Higsfield have very kindly provided me with 10 pro plan codes. Keep watching to find out more. When you click in the link in my description, you'll come to the Higsfield website, which will look like this. and you'll want to hit sign up and continue with either your Google or your Apple account. And now you have access to the Higsfield dashboard and can check out everything that's

available inside Higsfield, which is quite frankly an awful lot. So the first step, as mentioned, would be to import your product images. However, as I don't have a real product or professional product images to use, I'm going to have to make them inside Higsfield with Nana Banana Pro. The product I'm creating is an energy drink. Gen Z focused, refreshing, and positioned as a better alternative to caffeine. This gives us clean, realistic product images that actually look like something you'd run

ads for. Now, let's move on to the next step where we create the UGC character. Now, we could create our character in Nano Banana Pro, but I'm going to show you a shortcut, and that is to pick a pre-existing consistent character, which Higsfield provides via its own model, Higsfield Soul. Higsfield Soul is designed specifically to make magazine quality images of consistent characters for fashion and advertising. I'm going to choose Nicole here. Now, Nicole is loaded into the prompt area. And if you

click here where it says general, the visual styles panel opens, which just gives us some preset styles. There is actually a ton of stuff you can play with here. I'm just going to choose iPhone style because it suits UGC. Then we just hit generate. And here's what Higsfield Soul gives us. Very nice indeed. And now for the key step where we combine the product and the character. This is where Nano Banana Pro is essential. To load Nano Banana Pro, we just click down here, which pulls up all the available models, and choose

Nano Banana Pro. Now, so that Nano Banana Pro can make Nicole hold a can of Spark up, we need to load both our image of Nicole and our Sparkup image into the prompt area. Luckily, Hicksfield gives us a really easy way to do this, which is to go to our generated image and just click the reference button here, which immediately loads it into the prompt area. Then we simply ask Nano Banana Pro to give us an image of the girl holding the can. And voila, here we have it. I think it looks great. Really natural and

convincing. What do you think? Leave me a comment below. I'd love to hear from you. So now we have our reference image. And now to convert our image into a talking video with Cling 2.6. Now, the reason we're doing this from an image and not straight from a text prompt is because Cling is exceptionally good at animating from an image. So, we need to go to Cling. And to do that, we come up here to the video menu and then down to Cling 2.6 here. And then the Cling 2.6 interface loads. We want to make sure

that audio is on, obviously. And we don't actually have to set the aspect ratio because Cling will set the aspect ratio according to the image that you load. Our image is one one i.e. square which is the right format for Facebook, Instagram or LinkedIn video ads and so clinging will give us a square output and crucially we need to add our image. So we click here where it says upload image and we upload the image that we previously generated. Then all that's left to do is write in the prompt field

what we want in our scene and what we want our characters to say. Now in the prompt I'm doing a few things. First, I'm instructing Clling to keep Nicole and her background exactly as they are in the reference image. Second, I'm describing what I want Nicole to do. And third, crucially, I'm writing what Nicole should say. Lastly, I'm also describing the lighting and camera style here. And I'm going to set the duration to 10 seconds. And then we just hit generate. And after a few minutes,

here's what we get. >> This is actually really good. It's so fruity and fresh. I wasn't expecting that from an energy. Oh god, >> that is really fantastic. The result has adhered to my prompt exactly, and she's speaking the script word for word. And that laugh at the end when she's surprised at how good the drink is is priceless. If this showed up in my feed, I wouldn't immediately think it's AI. Now, as mentioned, we can make as many 10-second video scenes as we want from

this single reference image. Now, most platforms need 30-cond ads, not five or 10 seconds. So, instead of one long generation, which Cling is not capable of yet, I split my ad script into three parts and create three 10-second videos, which together deliver the script in its entirety. So, from the same source image and different prompts, I can generate whatever consistent scenes I want. Then I simply daisy chain the clips together in a video editor like Cap Cut, which is free by the way, link in the

description, and then export it as a single video file. And here's what it looks like when it's all connected together. >> This is actually really good. It's so fruity and fresh. I wasn't expecting that from an energy. >> Okay, I'm kind of obsessed with this flavor. It's fruity, fizzy, and it gives you that perfect little energy kick. And honestly, it tastes way better than half the stuff I've tried. I've tried so many energy drinks, but this one is actually

amazing. The flavor tastes real. It's super refreshing, and it gives me a clean boost without that weird crash. I'm honestly impressed. >> So, we just created different UGC video scenes from one Nano Banana Pro image for our Sparkup UGC ad, but this can also be done the other way around. So, we go to Nanobanana Pro first and generate a series of consistent character images in different scenes with Nano Banana Pro and then we use Cling 2.6 to convert each of those different image scenes into a video

scene. Let me show you that process. Now, for this demo, we're going to start completely fresh with a new character and product. And the product's going to be a skincare product, which is a daily skin serum. And we're going to call it skin as in sky n. So, we go to Nano Banana Pro to create our product image. And I'm going to use the following prompt. So, we're giving it the brand name Skin and then saying it's a lightweight daily skin serum with minimal modern glass bottle. And the

overall feel, high-end DTC skincare brand. And once I paste this in, Nano Banana generates a clean, realistic skinincare product. So, that gives us our product image. Next, we need a character. So, we'll go back to Higsfield Soul. And for this example, I'm going to choose an aura. And I'll choose the iPhone style again. I'll ask Higsfield Soul to generate an image of an aura holding a serum just like a real creator would. And here's what it gives us. So now we have our product image and

our character. It's time to combine them into one image. I make sure we're in Nano Banana Pro. And I load the Anora image and the product image into the prompt area by clicking reference again. Now I'll paste in my combination prompt. And here we have our clean base image that we can now turn into multiple scenes. Now, we need to plan our scenes so they make sense and they tell the story we want to tell. And as stated, we're going to create multiple short scene images and turn each one into a

video scene. So, here's the story we're going to tell. One, Anora notices her skin looks dull in the mirror. Two, she reaches for the skin serum. Three, she applies it and reacts to the texture. four, she gives her honest review and payoff. So, first off, we'll create our four images and then the four videos. So, let's start off with the first scene. So, I'll use this image prompt that you can see here. Anora standing in a bathroom in front of a mirror, soft morning light. She looks slightly

concerned while observing her skin. And here's what Nano Banana gives us. And now, let's move on to scene two. Anora in the bathroom reaching for the skin serum bottle on the counter. The product is clearly visible. Here's our result. And then for scene three, you can see the prompt here on screen. And here's what Nano Banana gives us. And scene four, here's the prompt again. Here's our result. So we have our four images for our four scenes. And we are now ready to convert them into videos with

Cling 2.6. So let's have a look. So the first step is to add our scene image as the reference image. So we do that by clicking here. And then we paste in the following prompt. and we write what we want her to say. So, we say at the start of the video, she says, "My skin has been feeling really dull lately." And let's see what Cling gives us. So, here's our result. >> My skin has been feeling really dull lately. >> And it's fantastic. So, let's move on to

the next scene. And for this one, we have her picking up the bottle and we have her saying, "I wanted a simple serum that I could use every day." So, let's see what we get. And here's our result. I wanted something simple that I could use every day. >> So, this is great because it's nice and consistent with the first scene. And so, let's take a look at the third scene. We'll just repeat the process. I've pasted in this prompt and this line. My go-to serum is skin serum, etc. And

here's our video. >> My goto serum is skin serum. It feels really light on my skin. >> And then here's our video for the fourth scene. >> My skin feels so much better now. It looks healthier and it doesn't feel heavy at all. >> And now, let's put them all together so we can see the whole thing. >> My skin has been feeling really dull lately. >> I wanted something simple that I could use every day. >> My go-to serum is skin serum. It feels

really light on my skin. My skin feels so much better now. It looks healthier and it doesn't feel heavy at all. >> Fantastic. Four scenes with a consistent character saying the lines we wanted and telling our story. It's a coherent UGC video, exactly what we wanted. Now, to get a finished video that we can actually publish, we repeat the previous process of downloading all our video scenes from Higsfield and then lining them up in order in Cap Cut and then exporting them as a single video. This

gives me a full skin care ad with multiple scenes, consistent character, and natural dialogue. So, as you can see, Hicksfield gives you the key creative parts of the process of UGC creation, making it quick and easy to create consistent character scenes holding and reviewing products. This video wouldn't be complete if we didn't look at how much this is going to cost. And here's what you need to know. So, basically, to get a decent amount of ads per month, you're going to be looking at

either the Ultimate or the Creator plan. Let me break down what you actually get. Ultimate gives you enough credits to make 20 30 secondond ads per month and Creator gives you enough to make 100 30-cond ads and more if your content is shorter like 15 or 20 seconds. You can also see here that it says 365 unlimited Nano Banana Pro. I'll explain what that means in just a minute. First, here's how Higsfield stacks up against the competition. If we scroll down, Higsfield provides this table to show

you how much more cost-effective its plans are than other major video generators. So, feel free to pause the screen and take your time to have a good look at that. However, I'm more interested in how Higsfield compares to platforms dedicated to making AI UGC because now that you can make your characters talk with Cling 2.6, you don't need those platforms. So, let's look at the real numbers. You will find that in general these platforms charge about $100 per month for just 10 video ads or $200 for 20. And here's where

this gets interesting. You don't need to be good at maths to see that Higsfield provides great value because on the ultimate plan, for example, you can make 20 ads for $49. So that's four times cheaper than $200. And if you pay annually, it's seven times cheaper. Now, the creator plan, this is where you really save. Instead of just 20 ads for $200, you're getting 100 for $249. So that's $249 per ad compared to $10 per ad. And on the annual plan, that's just $119 per ad. Now remember that unlimited

Nano Banana Pro thing I mentioned. Here's what it actually means. You get completely uncapped use of Nano Banana Pro for one full year after signing up. Pretty awesome, right? And that comes with both Ultimate and Creator. Now, there's something I strongly recommend you do right now. I invite you to check the Higsfield site at the time you watch this because Higsfield have been running some amazing offers, including 30 days of unlimited Cling 2.6, so you could go absolutely insane in your first 30 days

and make as many ads as humanly possible. The only limit is your own productivity. There is a link in the description below. I suggest you check this out right now. If you remember, I mentioned I have some promo codes to give away. Let me show you how this works. Higsfield have very kindly provided 10 promo codes and each person that wins a promo code will get 3 months for free on the pro plan. All you have to do is comment Higsfield in the comments below and click the link in the description to fill out a short Google

form. The 10 winners will be drawn at random and will be sent their promo code by email and the pinned comment on this video will be updated to state that the winners have been selected. There you go. Hopefully that was useful to you. We've looked at how to use Higsfield AI to create realistic AI UGC ads by combining Nanobanana Pro and Cling 2.6. There is a whole lot more that Higsfield offers, but that will have to be for another video. Don't forget to download your copy of the show notes for this

video, which covers everything I've shown you. Thanks for watching and consider subscribing.
