The most successful brands in the world have the ability to create massive amounts of quality creative. Check this out. I made every single one of these statics and videos in under an hour. And yes, these are high quality. >> Hey, look at these. I just popped on a new set of pressons and I'm obsessed. They're from Young Nails that came in the mail this morning. And the red is so glossy. It looks like salon gel. Super easy to stick on, no mess, and they instantly make me feel put together. I'm

kind of in love. Needed to show them off. And the best part, it costs me a fraction of what it would normally cost because this is entirely done through AI. So, in this video, I'll be showing you exactly how to do this. I'll be breaking down my entire workflow for how to create content at scale so that you could actually grow your business profitably. So, to build out all of these assets, I'm using Arc Ads. Now, technically, you could do all of this way cheaper if you want to. You could

use Sora, which we're going to use a whole lot of. You could use Nano Banana and a plethora of other apps to achieve very similar results. But from what I have seen, there is nothing that is as cheap, as good, as effective as Arc Ads is. Now, full disclosure, this is literally the app that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 businesses right now. This is legit. So, all the ads that you see on my screen that we're going to create from scratch are going to be for the brand Young

Young Nails. Young Nails has been a client of ours for a very long time. They're incredible and I'm here to create ads that are just as good as the ads that take them weeks and weeks to produce. So, the first key feature that we're using right now in Arc Ads the most is the Sora 2 integration with their preset actors. And to do this in Arcads, we're going to click see more. We're going to go down to Sora 2 actors. These are preset actors that Arcads has created that have prompts on the back

end. So, we're like kind of merging prompts here in a way. I'm just going to take all three of these and click remix. This is going to allow me to produce three videos at the exact same time. When I do this, I'm going to enter a very simple prompt. All we're saying here is the actor is showing off her red press on nails. She mentions that she just got these in from Young Nails and she loves them. We're giving the AI some flexibility cuz we only really have 8 to 12 seconds here. Sora doesn't allow for

massively long creatives. In fact, that would create massive amounts of errors. This is a short and sweet cut. All we need to do then is click the up arrow and click generate video. It's going to create three videos for us. Those take a few minutes. In the meantime, while we wait for those, we're going to reprompt a completely completely fresh from scratch prompt with a new Sora 2 actor that we are making with whatever we want. So again, we click the see more button. We go down to Sora 2 Pro. And at

this point, you could enter anything you want. Here's a prompt that I think crushes. A 23-year-old beautiful natural influencer filming herself in a super organic way, iPhone style with some imperfections. You can clearly see she's not a professional. She clearly looks like an Instagram or Tik Tok creator, but looks like a normal person even though she is beautiful. She is showing her red press on nails that look really good and explains that she just got them on sale at Young Nails. And again, this

is where the beauty of Arc ads specifically when we're trying to create creative at scale. we are able to select how many generations we want. I can go ahead and create 10 on this exact same prompt. What I'm going to do for this, I'm going to create three. This is going to use three of my credits here and actually allow me to create a total of six videos in what was that? 5 minutes maybe. Okay, our videos are done. Let's watch a few. This first one here was the very first one that we created from

Archad's already designed model. >> Hey, look at these. I just popped on a new set of pressons and I'm obsessed. They're from Young Nails. They came in the mail this morning. And the red is so glossy. It looks like salon gel. Super easy to stick on. No mess. And they instantly make me feel put together. I'm kind of in love. Needed to show them off. >> Are we for real? I have not seen these, by the way. >> Okay, can we take a moment for these nails? I just popped on this set from

Young Nails that came in the mail today, and I'm obsessed. They're pressons, but they look and feel like I spent an hour at the salon. The color is this rich, glossy red, and they fit perfectly right out of the box. >> Yo, >> I just got these in from Young Nails, and I had to pop them on right away. They're pressons, but look at this color. It's the perfect classic red. is so shiny and they literally took me like 5 minutes. >> These are insane. The crazy part about

this, we can extend this exact video and continue the video. Or if we don't want to extend that exact shot, we can go back into the Sora 2 actors right here, pick the same person, and then have it do a different thing, right? We could change the scene up. That value is insane because then we could just stitch these ads together, right? All you have to do is stitch together a couple different videos and all of a sudden you go from a 12-second video to a 40-second video like that. Okay, before I get too

excited here, there's another half to this, which is our static images. Now, if you've watched my videos before, you know that I am obsessed with taking concepts from competitors and spinning them. The cool thing is they don't even need to be your competitor. They could be someone or another brand that you admire in a completely different category. This brand right here, Alice Mushrooms, is so good at their static creatives. I'm using Magic Brief to do everything. You could look at Facebook

ads library. It's the exact same thing, 100% free. All I'm doing is looking through the ads that they're actively running and looking for inspiration. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take these first three images right here that I think are super super good. They're edgy. They're catchy. We're going to take each of these and we're going to save these as is. Now, once these are saved, we're going to go into our tools again in Arc Ads and we're

going to go down to Nano Banana Pro. Now, I know you might be saying, "Can't I do this for free on Nano Banana?" You can. You actually completely can. It's just going to take you 50 times longer. But the craziest part is with Arc Ads, I could do 100 generations using Nano Banana Pro every single day, 100% free, and it could generate these generations at scale quickly. So, to start these image ads, we're going to start with the template. This is the template that we're going to use for the very first

image generation. We're going to select this template and add it in. And then we're going to select a product from Young Nails that we could inject into this template. For this example, I'm going to be using the Young Nails press on kit. We want to get this exact kit inside of that ad. So, what I've done is I've saved this image and we're going to pop back over to Archives. We're going to upload it in. So, we have our reference image and we have our actual product. And the prompt I'm going to

use, which you can copy word for word and adjust it based on your brand, is super straightforward. You'll note how I'm talking in a very natural language. The first image provided is a template. Replace the chocolate in the first image with a kit of press on nails in the second reference image. Then replace all of the text on the image with any relevant information that would be helpful in purchasing press on nails. Note here, I'm not even telling it exactly what to say. I'm letting AI

think for me. The kit itself is pretty large. It fits inside your hand, but it's a bit larger than the chocolate, so make sure it scales. Also, make sure the model hand is wearing the tips. And then here's the Arcad's value above everything else. I could go ahead and generate 10 of [clears throat] this right away. Or I could just generate three or two or one, which I'm going to do right now. And while we wait for those, we're actually going to reuse this prompt. So, we're going to XX.

We're going to add in a different image, which is going to be the blue version of this image. We're going to add a second reference image, which again is going to be the nail tips. And we're going to go ahead again and click generate image. And you guessed it, we're going to do this one more time because the entire purpose of this is to be able to create content at scale. So, we're creating our next image that we have right here. And then we are again inserting our press on nails as our reference and clicking

generate. Okay, I went a little haywire in the background and did a bunch more variations while I was waiting. Everything has loaded up in only about 3 minutes here. And here we have a completely different product, right? Mushroom chocolates. Let's see what Archives developed for us. Get a salon manicure in minutes. Long-lasting, chip resistant, and easy to apply. Includes 24 nails, adhesive tabs, file, cuticle stick, and flawless application. Subscribe and save 20% with code press on perfect. It made all of that up.

Here's another variation. And another variation. And I think it's really cool when we try to give it a challenge. Like this to me is a true challenge. Allin-one perfect manicure. All of these are so formatted uniquely. This is fantastic. I have literally created over a dozen static images that I feel completely comfortable launching into my ad account. But let's say these weren't good enough for you. Let's say they look like this and they were a little too small, right? This is a bad AI

generation. The cool thing is you could just click edit right here and you could say make the box of press on nails larger so they scale properly. The box is currently too small. We're going to go ahead and use three of our credits again. In just a few moments here, we're going to have three different variations with that specific problem solved. And here we go. One of our three variants was successful. Another of them was not successful. But the point here is we have a ton of variants to play with. Oh,

and one bonus part which has been a big pain for me when using normal Nano Banana is I could change the aspect ratio of the image whenever I want to. So, if I want to edit any image, let's just say this blue one right here. I can click edit confirm and change the aspect ratio from square to like a 9 by6 and just say change aspect ratio. Go ahead and I can just click create one two three credits so it has a proper amount of shots on goal. Generate the image and again it will change it now to a 9x6.

Unreal. It is very rare that opportunities like this come about. The playing field is completely leveled. There has never been a more clear-cut opportunity to take advantage of AI right now. If I were you, I would jump on this immediately. Create your content machine today. And if you want to see way, way more on this along with Q&A and everything that I do for the Moonlighters and all the systems that we run, including live weekly calls, go to school.com/fas. That is all for today. Download Arcads.

This is insane. And I will see you very
